167424f8-ca7f-4224-a00b-a54a5a7766c7


2020 has been bizarre - you don't need me to tell you that.

Basketball has not been excluded from the oddities of a year that began with
the death of NBA legend Kobe Bryant, followed by a finals push by LeBron James
and the Lakers that was abruptly halted, culminating with "The Last Dance"
documentary that detailed the greatness of Michael Jordan and the Chicago
Bulls' dynasty of the 1990s.

That's just what's happened through the first five months.

The discussion of who the greatest NBA player of all time is or who belongs on
the Mount Rushmore of the sport became a reawakened topic after ESPN's 10-part
series about the Bulls' sixth title in an eight year span, that concluded with
the final two episodes on Sunday. It might be fair to say, with little
distraction by the lack of live sports, that the greatest to grace the
hardwood is an interesting and often controversial discussion worth discussing
at a time like this.

Everything must be taken in context when grading such a stacked group of
players. Training and building bulky basketball bodies was something you
didn't see in the 90s, so LeBron's physical stature leads you to believe he
would have dominated in past eras. Yet, the physicality of the game, like the
case was with the "Bad Boy" Pistons is something James never encountered due
to increased protection of players by the league. Another parallel could be
drawn in terms of the heroics of Celtics' great, Bill Russel. Russel won 11
championships in 13 years which in and of itself is unmatched, but it should
be noted that fewer teams in the eastern conference stood between Russel and a
title, making the path to a championship far less convoluted. Robert Horry
acquired seven titles with the Rockets, Lakers, and Spurs, yet everyone can
agree that he isn't anywhere near the top-50 players in NBA history.

And of course, you can't forget the casts that legends have had around them
considering several greats are judged on the surface and not by the team they
played on. Several NBA legends had the benefit of hall-of-fame caliber players
in the lineup with them. Michael Jordan had Scottie Pippen, Magic Johnson and
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had each other, and the Boston Celtics have perennially
had multiple hall-of-famers on their roster during their formidable years.

A wide range of criteria must be included when building a list of basketball's
best. Championships, statistics, accolades, awards, and metrics all shed light
on a player's worth. No two people can agree on which characteristic is most
important, so it is only fair to allow each attribute to play an equal role in
deciding whether or not James' diverse skill set, Johnson's unique size at the
point guard position, or Jordan's play at both ends of the court and
relentless work ethic is more superior.

As I've compiled my personal list, I've chosen to include everything under the
sun, including the opinions of coaches and basketball minds that I respect,
and their knowledge of the game. With that in mind, these are my 10 greatest
NBA players of all time, along with a handful of area high school basketball
dignitaries' opinions on the matter.

No. 10 Oscar Robertson

Oscar Robertson was a diverse point guard during an era where the position was
expected to be a distributor and not necessarily a scorer. The "Big O" took
things a step further, ranking as one of the best rebounding guards of all
time. His 181 triple-doubles ranks first in history, with the next closest
total coming from Russel Westbrook with 146. Robertson finished his career
with one NBA title, an MVP award, and had nine All-NBA first-team honors.

No. 9 Hakeem Olajuwon

Known as "The Dream" during his years with the Houston Rockets in the 80s and
90s, Hakeem Olajuwon might very well have been the second-best player of an
era dominated by Michael Jordan.

Olajuwon brought a skill set to the center position not seen before him,
changing how the position was played after. Where most players of his size
were shooting the patented hook shot, Olajuwon used a bevy of moves in the
post with varying finishes. The Rockets won two titles with Olajuwon, with one
of those coming during the Nigerian's MVP season in 1994.

No. 8 Larry Bird

Along with his Lakers rival Magic Johnson, Bird helped salvage the NBA during
a time that the league was falling out of favor in popularity among fans.
Larry Legend won three titles to match his three MVP awards during his 13-year
career. Birdshot 50% from the field overall for his career which helped him
become a two-time member of the 504090 club, which requires a player to
achieve all three criteria of 50% field goal percentage, 40% three-point field
goal percentage and 90% free throw percentage by the end of the regular
season.

No. 7 Shaquille O'Neal

Quite possibly the most dominant force in NBA history, Shaquille O'Neal can
lay claim to being one of the few players to knock Michael Jordan out of the
playoffs as he did with the Orlando Magic in 1995. O'Neal's career took off
with Los Angeles where he won three NBA championships, snagging Finals MVP
honors during each. O'Neal added a final championship to his resume as a
member of the Miami Heat in 2006. One of the more colorful players in history,
Shaq earned All-NBA First Team honors on eight occasions.

No. 6 Magic Johnson

Ervin "Magic" Johnson played the point guard position unlike anyone else in
history, with size at the position that is a rarity to this day. Johnson ranks
third all-time in triple-doubles with 138. Johnson is one half of the greatest
individual rivalry in NBA history, along with Larry Bird. Magic had all the
accolades during the 1980s to be considered the best of the decade, winning
five titles, three Finals MVPs, and three regular-season MVP awards. Johnson
finished his career with an impressive stat line of 19.5 ppg. 7.2 rpg, and
11.2 apg over 13 seasons with the Lakers.

No. 5 Kobe Bryant

Bryant, who's life was tragically cut short in January of this year, is easily
the second greatest shooting guard in the history of the game. Bryant became
one of the most prolific scorers in NBA history during a career that spanned
three different decades. The Black Mamba was one of the great champions of the
game, winning five NBA titles over a 10-year span. He ranks fourth all-time in
scoring, ranks 13th all-time in points per game with 25.68, and has the second
most All-NBA first team selections with 11.

No. 4 Wilt Chamberlain

Wilt Chamberlain's career stats look like something out of a video game to put
it frankly. The Stilt is most famous for his 100 point game in 1962, but his
career included several other mind-boggling numbers. He is one of two players
in history to average 30 points per game for their career, and has the most
impressive stat line for a single season when he averaged 50.4 ppg, 25.7 rpg
during the 1961-62 campaign. Chamberlain had seven seasons where he averaged
33 points or more, which is four more times than Michael Jordan reached the
feat during his career.

No. 3 LeBron James

LeBon James is the most unique talent the game has ever seen, and his ranking
could change depending on how the remainder of his career plays out. James has
the most consecutive NBA Finals appearances of any non-Celtics player with
eight. The King has 17 seasons under his belt, and it appears his prime isn't
close to ending any time soon. He has averaged 27.1 ppg, 7.4 rpg, and 7.4 apg
while playing for three different organizations. He has the most All-NBA fist
team selections with 12, has three regular-season MVP awards, and is second
all-time in player efficiency rating, and third all time in win shares.

No. 2 Kareem Abdul Jabar

Kareem Abdul Jabar has one of the most decorated careers of any player, and
that is without including the three titles he won under John Wooden at UCLA.
Known as Lew Alcindor prior to 1968, The Lakers great amassed six NBA
championships, six regular-season MVP awards, and made 10 All-NBA first teams
during his illustrious career. His 38,387 career points is the highest total
in league history, he ranks fourth all-time with 17440 boards, and has the
highest win shares total of any player.

No. 1 Michael Jordan

Michael Jordan became a larger than life figure during a career that included
two three-peat championship runs with the Chicago Bulls during the 1990's.
MJ's titles and statistics would be enough to make him the game's best, but
his pop culture status brought him to almost mythological heights. Jordan is
one of two players to average 30 ppg for a career, and even at age 40 while
playing on a dreadful Washington Wizards team his final season, Jordan average
20 ppg. His competitive fire is unmatched in basketball, and could very well
be the case across the entire sports landscape. His Airness is the greatest
clutch player of all time, and his numbers during key moments back it up.
Jordan's career field goal percentage when taking the last shot is virtually
the same as his overall career shooting percentage of 50%. Jordan's game had
little weaknesses, and if you had to pick where he lacked the most, it was
likely his three-point shooting. Still, Jordan shot 33% from range for his
career, which was still above the league average almost every year he was in
the league. Whether it was what he did for the Bulls, the Dream Team, or
basketball as a whole, Jordan's name reverberates through the history of
sports like Babe Ruth or Muhammad Ali.




7185ebf3-fa27-4fdc-a9fd-2011165a8603


The 100th anniversary banquet of Des Plaines American Legion Post 36,
originally scheduled for Aug. 1 has been postponed to March 21, 2021 due to
the COVID-19 crisis.

Post Commander Tom Strossner said the change was authorized about a week ago.
It is scheduled to be held at the Edward Hotel on Mannheim Road in Rosemont.

On Friday, May 29, Legions Posts 36 and 247 of Park Ridge will gather in front
of Maine East High School to rededicate the flagpole that's believed to have
been part of the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago, and a plaque commemorating the
flagpole that was erected on that spot in 1968.

The plaque was originally dedicated by the Park Ridge and Des Plaines American
Legion's 52 years ago.




16601478-ebd3-4b55-bd54-e292865696e1


Gregg County school districts are set to receive almost $5 million in federal
funding this summer related to recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Texas will distribute most of a $1.29 billion federal stimulus package to
districts this summer, Texas Education Commissioner Mike Morath announced this
week.

State officials told school districts in March there would be no financial
penalties for attendance declines as COVID-19 fears spread and school
districts were required to close their buildings. Now, Texas has decided to
use its share of the federal stimulus package to fund that promise,
distributing 90% directly to districts based on their student poverty rates,
aiming to forestall layoffs and budget cuts.

Houston ISD, the state's most populous, will receive the highest award of
$81.7 million. In Longview, Longview ISD will receive the most funding at
$2.09 million, while Pine Tree ISD is set to receive $963,000 and Spring Hill
ISD will get $262,000.

On top of the federal stimulus money, Gov. Greg Abbott and state lawmakers
agreed to reimburse all school districts for up to 75% of their pandemic-
related expenses to date, using money from a federal grant awarded to Abbott's
office. School districts statewide have spent about $392 million on COVID-19
expenses.

School districts in Texas are funded based on student attendance, meaning the
statewide school closures could have been a major financial hit. "With school
closed to in-person attendance for nearly a third of the school year,
generating the remainder of that entitlement would be impossible without us
stepping in and making some changes," Morath said Thursday.

States are allowed to use the federal stimulus funding to offset budget holes.
"Federal guidance explicitly authorizes it as a way for states to sustain
their school finance system, as long as net state funding remains above prior
years," Morath said.

Texas school districts will be able to apply for their portion of the stimulus
money in June, according to the TEA, and will have considerable flexibility
spending the money on costs such as providing mental health support and buying
technology for students. They can use it to cover expenses dating to March 13.

Morath warned school officials to be cautious about how they spend the money.
"The economic damage from COVID-19 is substantial ... and we just don't know
what will happen in future years," he said. "I just think it's wise that we
don't take actions now that make future actions more painful."

Texas is requiring districts to use some of the money to offer services like
tutoring and counseling to all private nonprofit schools within their
boundaries, in line with recent controversial guidance from U.S. Education
Secretary Betsy DeVos.

School districts receiving federal money for their poorest students have
always had to use a portion to provide services for low-income students
attending private schools in their boundaries. DeVos' new guidance expands
that requirement to all students attending private schools in their area,
regardless of income. The TEA will send out more guidance on how this policy
will work.

Schools incurred a number of unexpected expenses as fears of COVID-19 shut
down school buildings and forced them to hurriedly draw up plans to teach
students from afar. They bought Wi-Fi hot spots and Chromebooks to hand out
and offered free meals to families, sometimes beyond what the federal
government had agreed to reimburse.

Texas' leaders mandate this week that all agencies cut 5% of their budgets
explicitly excluded public schools. But the pandemic has decimated the state's
sales tax and oil revenues, concerning school officials who want to know what
they should expect long term.




a6f63029-6c69-49ea-a0dc-a5c7e85f55fb


For those of us who struggle to trim a pound or two off our waistlines, it's
always amazing to hear stories of NFL players - mostly offensive linemen - who
are able to shed enormous amounts of weight after their playing careers are
over.

The latest example is former Iowa star Marshal Yanda, who retired in January
after 13 stellar seasons with the Baltimore Ravens.

Yanda weighed 312 pounds when he decided he was done playing. He's at 245 now.

With the help of Iowa strength and conditioning coach Chris Doyle, Yanda
devised a plan of attack and stuck to it, reducing his daily calorie count
from 6,000 to 2,200 and spending at least 45 minutes a day on his wife's
Peloton stationary bike.

He caught a 270-pound yellowfin tuna on a fishing trip to Puerto Vallarta,
Mexico, and included it in his daily regimen.

Yanda's achievement is far from a record. There have been several NFL linemen
who sliced 100 or more pounds off their frames.

Alan Faneca, who along with Yanda is one of three guards to have played in
eight Pro Bowls and won a Super Bowl, quickly went from 320 pounds to 215
after retiring in 2010 and took up marathon running.

Sounds like Yanda might be better suited to the Tour de France.

***

We're a little late in weighing in on The Last Dance. But here are some things
we learned from the enthralling 10-part documentary on the Chicago Bulls
dynasty of 1990s (admittedly we already knew some of these):

\- Never order a late-night pizza in Salt Lake City.

\- Dennis Rodman was a self-absorbed idiot.

\- Jerry Krause was incredibly stubborn.

\- Phil Jackson was perhaps the most unique coach in NBA history.

\- Isiah Thomas was a turd.

\- Karl Malone wasn't.

\- Michael Jordan was closer to his security entourage than his teammates.

\- Jordan often was an absolute bully with teammates, many of whom didn't like
him at the time, but he did everything with a single-minded purpose, as he
tearfully described at the end of the seventh episode.

"Winning has a price. Leadership has a price," he said. "I tried to pull
people along when they didn't want to be pulled. I challenged people when they
didn't want to be challenged.  It is who I am. It's how I played the game.
It's my mentality. If you don't want to play that way, don't play that way."

***

Jerry Sloan, who was seen from time to time in some of the later episodes of
The Last Dance, is best known to people now as the highly successful head
coach of the Utah Jazz for 23 years.

Younger fans may have been surprised to learn that Sloan, who died Friday at
the age of 78, starred for the Bulls for 10 seasons and may have been the most
intense competitor in the entire NBA in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He
also may have been the best rebounding guard ever.

The 6-foot-5 Sloan was a pretty good perimeter shooter but was almost maniacal
defensively. It's ironic that as a coach, his Utah teams were best known for
their crisp offensive execution.

***

Iowa State wrestling coach Kevin Dresser said on the Cyclones' virtual tour
last week that he has high hopes for Davenport Assumption graduate Julien
Broderson, who has a chance to break into ISU's lineup at 184 pounds after
redshirting last season.

"He's a pinner," Dresser said. "People that follow wrestling and come to
Hilton (Coliseum) sure like to see pins. He's got to develop like a lot of
young guys. He needs to develop more of the basics because he's figured out
how to pin guys so you don't want to roll around with him. As he figures out
more of the basics, I think he's got a really good future."

Broderson went 21-5 (with 13 pins) while wrestling unattached last season and
made the finals in five of the seven tournaments in which he competed.

***

[MLB.com](http://MLB.com) came out with a list of the five pitchers considered
to have the nastiest changeups in baseball and not surprisingly, the Cubs'
Kyle Hendricks was on the list along with the Nationals' Stephen Strasburg,
the Reds' Luis Castillo, the Padres' Chris Paddack and the Yankees' Tommy
Kahnle.

What is interesting is that Hendricks' fastball, with an average velocity of
86.7 mph, is slower than the changeups thrown by Strasburg, Castillo and
Kahnle.




70ebe48c-a75d-4236-9ed6-4af0d8e1a421


EL PASO, Texas (KTSM) - It all happened so fast for the Soria family. Just a
week ago, everyone was relatively healthy. Having just returned from an
emergency procedure at a local hospital, Rosie Soria began feeling ill. That
was the beginning of a nightmare for one El Paso family.

Now, it's also become their mission to save other families from the same pain
they're enduring.

The Soria's daughter, Bonnie Soria Najera, is an EPCC Board Trustee. She'd
helped local teachers keep in touch with their students, and she'd kept her
distance from her parents. She never thought COVID-19 would affect her family.
But it did  and it happened quickly.

Friday, May 15, Bonnie's mom Rosie Soria was admitted to the hospital with
COVID-19 symptoms. "It just went so fast. I mean, she went from being okay, to
being - she couldn't breathe, and it's just worse and worse," Bonnie told
KTSM. By Tuesday, her mom was put on a ventilator in the ICU at University
Medical Center.

Rosie Soria, 64, had underlying medical issues and was concerned about getting
the virus. The family said they'd only gone grocery shopping twice since the
pandemic began and hadn't even allowed other family members inside the home.
Still, they suspect it was an emergency procedure that landed her in the
hospital for two days earlier this month that resulted in her coming down with
COVID-19.

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

Meanwhile, Leo Soria's condition deteriorated quickly. He'd developed a fever
and was tested for COVID-19 on Sunday. Just two days later, Bonnie said she
was FaceTiming with her father when she realized something was wrong. "He
calls me, and he says 'Bonnie, I think I'm in trouble.'" She said she could
see he looked like he was in distress. Bonnie called 911, and paramedics took
him to Providence East for treatment.

"I've never seen anybody - I've never seen anybody like that. The way they
breathe, it's just horrible. It's horrible," Bonnie said.

Within days her parents were both fighting COVID-19 in different hospitals and
separate ICUs. Doctors attempted plasma therapy on her mom, trial drug
remdesivir on her dad. On Friday, Bonnie got the call no child ever wants to
receive.

"I was on the freeway and the doctor calls and says 'I just want you to know
your mom didn't make it,'" Bonnie said through tears.

While Bonnie was speaking with KTSM, her phone rang. It was her father, Leo.

"It was the nurse calling. They just wanted us to talk to him before they put
him on an intubator," Bonnie said when she returned the call. A pause in her
sentence left enough room for the statement to sink in. Just hours after
losing her mother to COVID-19 Friday afternoon, Bonnie's father was being
placed on a ventilator. He doesn't know his wife of 47-years has died.

Bonnie Soria Najera will now have to bury her mother, and her family is hoping
her father can pull through.

"While everyone is out there wanting to hug their friends, their family, have
a party and drink. We just wanted to be with my family. We just wanted to be
with my parents. and now my mom is gone, and my dad is on a ventilator,"
Bonnie said. "Is it really worth it to be out there to be celebrating Memorial
Day weekend? They don't want to be going through what we're going through. And
we don't want them to go through what we're going through. Please stay home."




172ac60b-3611-4684-9c75-612abe362a84


GREENEVILLE \- Johnson City denies there was any intentional racial
discrimination when a student was suspended from riding the school bus
following a fight with another student.

The denial comes in court filings made last month in U.S. District Court in
Greeneville. A Sullivan County parent filed a $1.2 million civil rights
lawsuit against Johnson City in April.

In the lawsuit, the parent claims their son, who is African-American, was
discriminated against because of his race. The plaintiff is identified only as
E.D. and the son as D.D.

The lawsuit stems from a fight that took place on a school bus in December
2019 between D.D. and a Caucasian student named David.

BACKGROUND INFORMATION

According to the lawsuit, David began bullying younger children on the bus and
D.D. told him to stop. Then, David used a water bottle to spray other
students, and D.D. took the bottle.

The student claims David grabbed the water bottle back and began taunting him
and calling him names. The two students began pushing each other, with David
taking a swing at D.D., the lawsuit states.

D.D. claims he was struck on the back of the head by David's arm, then David
jumped on top of him. The lawsuit states the bus driver pulled the vehicle
over and called police, who arrived about 10 minutes later.

JOHNSON CITY RESPONDS

After speaking with the students, the police ordered them back on the bus, the
lawsuit states. However, D.D. claims that Johnson City Transit Director Eldona
Janutolo arrived shortly after, ordered D.D. off the bus and told him he was
kicked off indefinitely.

"Get your bags and walk home," D.D. claims he was told. The bus was about five
minutes away from D.D.'s home. David, in turn, was allowed to reboard the bus
and be driven home, the lawsuit states.

According to Johnson City's response, the two students were required to
deboard the bus at the request of the police officers who arrived on the
scene. D.D. wasn't forced to walk home, but rather allowed to walk a short
distance home since the bus had stopped in his neighborhood, the response
states. The walk took 10 minutes or less, the response states.

E.D. claims their son was discriminated against because he is African-
American. D.D. claims he was suspended from using the school bus for three
days.

According to its response, Johnson City states David was also punished as a
result of the fight, including an in-school suspension and being suspended
from riding the school bus - 10 times longer than D.D.

The family of D.D. is seeking $300,000 in compensatory damages and $900,000 in
punitive damages.

Courtesy of our partners at the Kingsport Times News.




92123e9a-a03a-48f1-9f57-59319648b9a0


In 1966, Vermont's U.S. Sen. George Aiken offered President Lyndon Johnson a
way out of the long and divisive war in Vietnam. Although it is not exactly
what Aiken said, the advice has assumed a life of its own in the aphorism,
"Declare victory and get out."

At its meeting last Wednesday, the Montpelier City Council approved the latest
revision of a design for a proposed parking garage, a joint project of the
city with the Bashara family. Montpelier voters gave their assent to the
project in a Special City Meeting on Nov. 6, 2018: 2,459, Yes; 1,877, No. For
more than a year and a half, a small group of Montpelier residents and others
have been contesting the project in the courts, challenging it on
environmental and design criteria. So far, the courts have dismissed the
challenges on environmental issues. The opponents have now said they will
appeal the adverse decisions in the Vermont Supreme Court. I respectfully
suggest they take to heart, the Aiken formula.

There is much to claim in the way of victory. The new design responds to many
objections and recommendations made by the challenging group and others. The
garage will now have level parking decks, rather than the slope design
originally proposed. The new design is shorter by 27 feet east-to-west than
the original plan. The design includes more openings in the façade, with
vegetation and plantings to obscure the remaining areas of wall space. We can
thank the challengers for winning these modifications, and they can take
justifiable credit for pressing forward with them. But it is now time, in my
opinion, to put the opposition to rest and allow the city to go forward with
this project.

For many years, I have listened patiently but skeptically to the complaint
"parking is impossible in Montpelier." That has never been my experience; but
because it has so persistently endured as a hindrance to the prospering and
growth of the downtown commercial area, I have acceded to it and even allowed
it to become one of my reasons for voting for the garage in 2018. Now we hear
we should plan for a future that it is automobile-free. I admire the wishful
thinking urging that recommendation, but I see no evidence, as a society, we
have thrown away the keys to our cars and declared "Hallelujah" for release
from the evils of the automobile. Nor have I seen any evidence of massive
infusions of cash to build a strong, efficient and effective mass transit
system that will allow us to abandon automobiles.

Indeed, the rising popularity of hybrid and electric cars threatens to
increase the number of automobiles on the road, even as we make progress in
decreasing the use of fossil fuels to power them. So if we want to preserve
and strengthen Montpelier's commercial sector, see our city revive and thrive
after COVID-19, and - as has been urged by many consultants, public forums and
political leaders - "reimagine" the city's future, I think we should now go
forward with the projected plan in the hope and expectation it will help
Montpelier preserve and strengthen its downtown to make it a center for
commerce, tourism and conference gatherings - ideas many of us expressed years
ago during the discussions about a master plan.

I urge the opponents of the parking garage to invoke the Aiken formula:
Declare victory and get out so we can get on with planning for the future.

Michael Sherman lives in Montpelier.




a1433e93-fa9b-4f17-baaa-c64750ef109d


Vermont has received $1.25 billion in Coronavirus Relief Funds through the
federal CARES Act, which have time constraints and restricted uses. One of the
allowable uses is providing for the needs of the unhoused as a response to the
public-health emergency created by COVID-19, and another is providing relief
for renters hit hard by loss of work.

Since the middle of March, a heroic effort by state agencies and nonprofit
community partners prevented an outbreak of COVID-19 among some of Vermont's
most vulnerable people. The state drastically reduced the number of people in
homeless shelters, and others left encampments, their cars or moved from
overcrowded, shared living, situations into motels to protect their health and
to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Housing with separate kitchen facilities,
private bathrooms and sleeping areas with appropriate social distancing is
essential for public health.

Today, approximately 2,000 Vermonters are safe and sheltered in this way. But
come June 30, there's no plan in place for where people will live - except
back to the situations deemed a public health emergency just two months ago.
Right now, we have a unique opportunity to radically reduce homelessness in
Vermont while continuing to control the spread of COVID-19.

The state is spending about $117,000 per day on the motels. This equates to
about $3.5 million per month. The motels were a good emergency response, but
the financial and social costs are not sustainable.

The legislature must act quickly to allocate federal funding through the
Coronavirus Relief Fund. Affordable housing groups presented a plan as a
starting point. The goal is to fix a broken system, to prevent a future
outbreak of COVID-19, and to build a bridge from the use of temporary motels
to permanent housing options. The immediate issuance of Vermont Rental
Vouchers is an important first action. Pairing rental assistance with
supportive services to prevent homelessness from recurring and capital to
enable organizations to lease, acquire, renovate and build affordable,
permanent housing are essential to eliminating homelessness and maintaining
public health.

We can work together but need the support from the Agency of Human Services to
advance our commitment to end homelessness using community-based solutions
that offer dignity to people in crisis and enhance public health for everyone.
For many, ending homelessness has always been a moral issue. Today, it's a
critical public health one. The Legislature and administration can break the
state's cycle of emergency response to homelessness and replace it with
permanent housing in Vermont communities that will serve vulnerable people for
years to come.

The pandemic has revealed cracks in our social, cultural and political
systems. Low-income people and people of color have been disproportionately
impacted. Prior to COVID-19, housing shortages and high housing costs had
increased homelessness beyond the capacity of service providers. This left
many with few better options than a tent. Today's crisis is an opportunity for
change. It is time for the legislature and administration to act.

This commentary was signed by Brenda Torpy, Champlain Housing Trust; Eileen
Peltier, Downstreet Housing and Community Development; Nancy Owens, Housing
Vermont; Andrew Winter, Twin Pines Housing; and Elizabeth Bridgewater, Windham
Windsor Housing Trust.




e1410f9c-99a1-473c-83c3-fccb3b3b2ab2


At this stage of the "Stay Home, Stay Safe" order, the theme I hear over and
over from friends and colleagues is how much they miss getting together and
enjoying an adventure with, or simply the company of, a good friend or family
member.

I can't think of a better reason to meet up than for a delicious beverage or
meal at a favorite restaurant.

During a conference call with a consultant who works with us at the Gaylord
Area Convention and Tourism Bureau to help our organization be the best it can
be, I was reminded of the importance of the "vibe" of a community. Our
consultant mentioned working with other communities around the United States
remotely through Zoom meetings and social media. He made a key point: he
really couldn't get a feel for the "vibe" or travel culture of a community
without physically being there. He is so right about this.

Tourism communities are comprised of many different components that when put
together allow the visitor an overall experience. This is the travel culture
of a community and it is different from simply reading about a destination or
watching a video. It is something that is only felt while actually visiting.
One of the largest factors of the guest experience is the local restaurant
scene. In fact, there is an entire segment of the travel market that makes a
decision where to travel based on the restaurant choices and experiences. It
is fittingly called food travel.

Up until the stay-at-home order, the Gaylord tourism bureau had been actively
and aggressively promoting the surge in new restaurants over the past few
years, which has provided a great food "vibe" among our other impressive
travel assets here in Gaylord. This could not have been done without the
variety and quality of restaurants that we have seen grow tremendously. They
say you don't know how much you miss something until it's gone and, boy, do we
ever miss our favorite eating and drinking establishments.

A special thanks to all our local restaurants and bars which have contributed
mightily to the Gaylord guest experience and who have remained steadfast
throughout the closures as a result of the pandemic. They have been hit
especially hard and are reopening with a number of new guidelines and
requirements. Be patient and understanding when you visit, as they are wading
through a number of new requirements designed to help make your experience as
safe as it can be for everyone involved.

When you're ready, be sure to get out and support your favorite dining
establishments. Sharing a meal together is one of the oldest experiences of
travel, exploration, friendship, enjoyment and celebration in the history of
mankind.




af8903b0-7658-4461-a770-960dbab328f0


LILLINGTON, N.C. (WNCN) - One person was killed and another injured in a
double shooting just outside Lillington in Harnett County Saturday afternoon.

The incident was reported just after 4:05 p.m. as a shooting at 15 Cater Lane
in the Shawtown community, according to a news release from Harnett County
Sheriff Wayne Coats.

When deputies arrived they found one man dead and another injured.

Montice Williams, 31, of Benson, was later identified as the man who died, the
news release said.

The wounded man was taken to an area hospital for treatment.

Deputies had at least one road in the area closed until at least 7:15 p.m.

"This is all the information that we are prepared to release at this time due
to this being early into this active homicide investigation," Coats said in
the news release said.




ca53af4f-991f-4712-81e0-ddd1591b1705


WHO 13 is proud to salute military veteran Michael Egbert of Decatur County.

Egbert served in the U.S. Navy. He was deployed to Vietnam in 1967 and spent
13 months as a combat photographer assigned with a Marine reconnaissance
battalion.

Following his service, Egbert went into law enforcement, retiring from the
Houston Police Department in Texas in 2006. He has since returned to Iowa and
written three books about his time on the police force.

Egbert currently serves on the Decatur County veterans commission.




79415524-ac65-4cee-99b7-18fc7265a0be


A host of Colorado counties were given the green light Friday and Saturday to
reopen more businesses - albeit with limited capacities and social distancing
measures in place.

Teller, Douglas, Larimer and Eagle counties all received variances from the
Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment on permissions ranging
from restaurants and malls to bowling alleys and libraries.

The approvals come as 21 counties - nearly a third of Colorado \- have been
given some type of exemption from the state's safer-at-home mandate. These
exemptions have varied from highly selective requests, such as Denver
reopening the Botanic Gardens, to more widespread variances in Eagle County
that include summer camps and short-term rentals.

Douglas County restaurants, houses of worship, gyms and the Park Meadows mall
will be allowed to open with fewer people, according to a letter of approval
from state public health officials.

In the letter to Douglas county commissioners, Jill Hunsaker Ryan, executive
director of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, approved
their request to reopen and noted several conditions to the variance.

For indoor spaces, there is a 50% occupancy cap and a maximum of 175 people.
In addition, no gatherings will be permitted at Park Meadows and instead
shoppers are encouraged to move from one store to the next without
congregating in the public areas.

Safer-at-home restrictions could be put back into place if cases spike in the
area, Hunsaker Ryan warned.

"If any two of the county's triggers of a 20% increase in positive cases in
3-day rolling average over a 14-day period, more than 100 new cases per
100,000 people in two weeks, a substantial increase in hospitalizations
directly related to COVID-19 over a 2-week period, or the inability of TCHD to
contact trace new cases within 24 hours of a known positive test result
occurs, then this variance is automatically rescinded."

News of the counties being granted permission to reopen businesses comes the
same day Colorado state health officials reported 1,327 people have died with
the novel coronavirus in their system, though there were no additional deaths
tied directly to the virus. There's a lag in reporting deaths to the state
health department - particularly death-certificate data.

Nearly 24,000 people across the state have tested positive for COVID-19,
though public health officials have cautioned that number is likely several
times higher.

In addition to Douglas County, Eagle County received a variance allowing it to
open hotels, short-term rentals and restaurants to out-of-town visitors, while
gatherings of up to 50 people will also be approved.

Larimer County on Saturday was approved to open open indoor malls, restaurants
and campgrounds, along with gyms, pools, libraries and bowling alleys.

In Teller County, gyms, restaurants and movie theaters will be allowed to open
at limited capacity, though the Colorado Department of Public and Environment
did not grant the county's wish to open casinos and bars.

RELATED: The near future of Colorado's restaurants could depend on our biggest
asset: the outdoors

The Board of Douglas County Commissioners on Friday celebrated the reopening
of county businesses.

"We are especially grateful to the citizens of Douglas County for adhering to
the behaviors that led to the favorable public health data that supported this
outcome," Roger Partridge, the county's board chair, said on Douglas County's
website.

Gov. Jared Polis has said that he will issue guidance for statewide restaurant
re-openings by Memorial Day.

Read the full Douglas County variance letter below.




ddb781fd-762a-4a61-9969-cac261425f63


The Department of Correctional Services will get a look next week at
information it has sought on the potential for building a new prison.

Corrections Director Scott Frakes announced in February the state is
considering a public-private partnership to build a new, 1,600-bed prison,
possibly between Lincoln and Omaha, to help deal with overcrowding and
staffing issues. It could have potential to expand by hundreds of beds, Frakes
said.

The cost of the new prison could be in the $200 million range, or higher, and
be some combination of medium- and maximum-custody beds, Frakes has said.

In an addendum posted May 1, to answer questions by companies considering
sending responses to a request for information posted by the state in March,
the department said it would need space to meet needs of the prison system for
the next 100 years.

New 1,600-bed prison between Lincoln and Omaha proposed

Total expansion is envisioned at 3,200 beds, the department said, based on the
growth of the inmate population.

In answer to a question on whether the state-owned land that would meet the
requirements for such a prison, the department said it had 400 acres of land
in the area of West Claire Avenue, South Coddington Avenue and Southwest 40th
Street, which is mostly agricultural land.

That doesn't mean that particular land would be identified or selected for a
prison, but those two parcels are owned by the state and together valued at
$1.2 million.

Three other prisons are located in that area of southwest Lincoln, between the
2700 block and 3300 block of West Van Dorn. And the Nebraska State
Penitentiary is at 4201 S. 14th St.

Nebraska's prison population is at about 5,430, and the department employs
about 2,200 staff. The system has hovered around 158% of design capacity, and
the Legislature has set a deadline of July 1 to reduce capacity to 140%.

Director details what Nebraska prisons are doing to avoid COVID-19 spread

The department's request to companies is solely to gather information.

The prisons system has had a number of capital construction projects in the
past several years. At the Community Corrections Center-Lincoln, it has opened
a 160-bed expansion for female prisoners and a 100-bed dormitory for males.

This year, it will add another 100 dormitory beds at the Nebraska State
Penitentiary for men in minimum custody, Frakes has said. In 2022, the Lincoln
Correctional Center-Diagnostic and Evaluation Center campus will have another
384 beds for men with high-security risk.

All told, the Legislature has approved funding for more than 800 beds since
2015.

For comparison purposes for potential developers, the department said the
Nebraska State Penitentiary \- a maximum-, medium- and minimum-custody prison
- had 1,362 inmates as of the end of April, 507 staff positions, an operating
budget of $6.1 million and a total budget of $29.8 million.

The Tecumseh State Correctional Institution, a maximum- and medium-security
prison, had 1,038 inmates, 409 staff positions, an operating budget of $5
million and a total budget of $23.3 million.

ACLU repeats call to grant virus-related release to some prisoners

It is the state's intention to assume ownership at the end of the lease period
of any prison built under a public-private partnership.

If the department decides to pursue a new prison, the next step would be a
request for proposals.

Sen. Steve Lathrop, chairman of the Legislature's Judiciary Committee,
introduced a bill (LB916) this session to spend $52 million next year to
construct or expand a community custody prison in Omaha to allow 300 new beds,
as recommended in a Department of Correctional Services 2014 master plan
report.

He said the investment was modest compared to the proposal by the Department
of Corrections.

In a debate on an appropriations bill, Lathrop called the department's
proposal to potentially build a new large prison "imaginary," saying it was a
way to get people to think there's a solution for overcrowding on the horizon.

Even if it materialized, he said, it's four to five years down the road. And
in the meantime, the prisons are projected to grow by 200 inmates a year.

Department of Corrections will mandate masks in prisons and offices




bda70352-5984-46a9-a891-119037c9c63d


CASSOPOLIS, Mich. \- Matthew Robert Finley, 52, of Cassopolis, passed to his
rest May 15, 2020, at his home, unexpectedly, from natural causes.

He was born Sept 16, 1967, in Gouverneur, New York, the son of Robert Dick and
Gloria Jean (Sawyer) Finley, and he has lived in the Michiana area for the
past several years. He worked in several grocery stores and his last job was
as a "line-leader" for Mercury Displacement Industries Inc. of Edwardsburg.

Matthew is survived by two brothers, Robert D. (Laura) Finley Jr. of Calcium,
New York, and William (Peggy) Finley of Edwardsburg; and several nieces,
nephews and great-nieces and -nephews.

Family who preceded Matthew in passing are his parents; a brother, Frederick
Robert Finley Sr., and a special friend-companion, Randy Scott Repczynski.

Cremation has taken place. Inurnment will be at 2 p.m. May 29, in Dailey
Cemetery, at Dailey Road and Dunning Street, Cassopolis. Officiating will be
the Rev. Scott Scheel, pastor of the Edwardsburg Presbyterian Church,
Edwardsburg.

Arrangements are by the Paul E. Mayhew Funeral Home, Edwardsburg.




2ae29870-e433-4757-a94d-c495690238f5


HORRY COUNTY, SC (WBTW)  The South Carolina Department of Employment and
Workforce says around 200,000 people in the state are receiving unemployment
benefits.

Executive orders are now lifted and businesses are asking employees to return
to work, however, the department says the number of people receiving
unemployment has stayed around 200,000.

Some collecting unemployment are making more money now than they were while
working, but SCDEW and local businesses say it's time to start looking for
jobs.

"Is it taking advantage of the system? I would hope that people are doing the
right thing and they're looking for work and if they get offered work, they'll
go back," said Todd Timmerson, SCDEW Chief Legal Officer.

On Tuesday several Myrtle Beach restaurants told News13 they were severely
understaffed. While winter staff has returned to work, the pandemic
interrupted peak hiring for seasonal help.

"I'm getting applications in left and right on Facebook and you can see that
they've read my responses to schedule an interview. You never hear back from
them. Unfortunately they are making good money to sit at home and not work,"
said Brian Gregory, General Manager of Rip Tydz located on Ocean Boulevard.

DEW is asking employers to report people who are refusing work.

The department says they will make contact and ask why a refusal was made.

"Report those people who turn down work and they indicate it's because I'm on
unemployment. So if you get that kind of message either from one of your own
employees or from a perspective hire, that's information we want to know.
Because those people should not be doing that. They should be going back to
work if they can," said Timmerson.

Timmerson says refusal to work without a valid excuse could lead to
unemployment benefits being taken away.

DEW also works with business owners and managers find employees through their
free SC Works database.

Timmerson says the department expects people to return to the jobs they once
had, but understands there are circumstances where that can't happen.

People who test positive for COVID-19, who are placed in isolation for contact
with COVID-19, or are taking care of a family member who is positive can be
eligible to keep their benefits while not returning to work.

People with compromised immune systems, confirmed through a doctor could be
eligible for the same.

Another issue people are facing is the lack of daycare availability.

Timmerson says if your daycare is closed or has limited availability due to
COVID-19, you may be eligible to keep benefits as well.

Before benefits are stopped, the department will be in contact to hear each
case.

"In those cases, if the employee reports that to us during the fact finding,
then they may be able to continue their unemployment even though they've been
offered work. But for most people, if you've been offered a job and the
employer reports that to us that you've been offered a job, that may result in
your benefits being stopped after you've had your chance to tell your side of
the story," said Timmerson.




ff516124-45e4-460d-b6d9-48fad5f25c62


Black politicians, civil rights leaders and their white liberal advocates have
little or no interest in doing anything effective to deal with what's no less
than an education crisis among black students. In city after city with large
black populations, such as Baltimore, St. Louis, Detroit, Philadelphia and
Washington, D.C., less than 10% of students test proficient in reading and
math. For example, in 2016, in 13 Baltimore high schools, not a single student
tested proficient in math.

In six other high schools, only 1% tested proficient in math. Citywide, only
15% of Baltimore students passed the state's English test. Despite these
academic deficiencies, about 70% of the students graduate and are conferred a
high school diploma.

Ballou High School is in Washington, D.C. Five percent of its students test
proficient in reading and 1% test proficient in math. In 2017, all 189
students in Ballou High School's senior class applied to college. All 189
members of the graduating class of 2017 were accepted to universities. In
November 2017, an investigation showed that half of Ballou's 2017 graduates
had more than three months of unexcused absences. One in five of the
graduating class was absent more than present, therefore missing more than 90
days of school.

Examples of academic underachievement can be seen at predominantly black
public schools across the nation, but that's only part of the story.

The strangest part of this is that poor academic performance is accepted and
tolerated by black politicians, civil rights organizations and white liberals.

Poor performance is often blamed on finances; however, the poorest performing
schools have the highest per pupil spending. New York, Washington, D.C., and
Baltimore rank among the nation's highest in per pupil educational spending.

The underachievement story is compounded by the gross dishonesty of colleges
that admit many of these students. I cannot imagine that students who are not
proficient in reading and math can do real college work.

In a futile attempt to make up for 12 years of rotten education, colleges put
these students in remedial courses. They also design courses with little or no
true academic content. Colleges have their own agendas. They want the money
that comes from admitting these students. Also, they want to make their
diversity and multiculturalism administrators happy.

Poor black education is not preordained. Dr. Thomas Sowell has examined
schools in New York City and student performance on the New York State English
Language Arts Test in 2016-17.

Thirty percent of Brooklyn's William Floyd Elementary School third graders
scored well below proficient in English and language arts, but at Success
Academy charter school in the same building, only one did.

At William Floyd, 36% were below proficient, with 24% being proficient and
none testing above proficient. By contrast, at Success Academy, only 17% of
third graders were below proficient, with 70% being proficient and 11% being
above proficient. Among Success Academy's fourth graders, 51% and 43%,
respectively, scored proficient and above proficient, while their William
Floyd counterparts scored 23% and 6%, respectively. Similar high performance
can be found in some other Manhattan charter schools such as KIPP Infinity
Middle School.

Liberals tell us that racial integration is a necessary condition for black
academic excellence. Public charter schools such as those mentioned above
belie that vision. Sowell points out that only 39% of students in all New York
state schools who were recently tested scored at the "proficient" level in
math, but 100% of the students at the Crown Heights Success Academy tested
proficient where blacks and Hispanics constitute 90% of the student body.

There's little question that many charter schools provide superior educational
opportunities for black youngsters.

The New York Times wrote, "Over 100,000 students in hundreds of the city's
charter schools are doing well on state tests, and tens of thousands of
children are on waiting lists for spots."

But here's New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's take on charter schools, expressing
the interests of the education establishment: "Get away from high-stakes
testing, get away from charter schools. No federal funding for charter
schools."

Black people cannot afford to buy into any attack on education alternatives.
Charter schools across the nation offer a way out of the educational abyss.




2f872a57-25f2-45ea-ab4c-f02bf10c904c


The director of the Genesee County Job Development Bureau is banking on the
internet and World Wide Web to make it easier for out-of-work residents to
find a job.

"My number one priority is figuring out how to do virtual job fairs," Teresa
Van Son said earlier this week during a Genesee County Legislature's Ways &
Means Committee meeting via Zoom. "I think there's definitely a need. We've
looked at it quite a bit and I'm hoping within the next month or two, I will
figure out some way to do it."

Committee Chair Marianne Clattenburg said she was on board with that
considering the current employment situation.

"Sometimes people are hesitant to walk through a door but if they just have to
click on a website and do it virtually  the younger folks especially who are
so used to that  it might be a great way to reach out," Clattenburg reasoned.

Van Son said that although the building (located in the Eastown Plaza behind
Aldi) is closed, Job Development Bureau and Department of Labor staff are
working from home and offering services remotely and over the phone.

"There are a few things we can't provide right now  hands-on assessment
services, job fairs" and two programs with the Department of Social Services
that have been temporarily suspended, she said.

Van Son said she is focusing on the Summer Youth Employment Program, with a
goal of serving 50 young people.

"We're looking to do it differently. We're looking at where can we find
outdoor spaces. So, maybe working with local towns with their cemeteries and
helping them do some beautification, or something potentially with the parks,"
she said, adding that forming a sanitation crew is another possibility.

"We're trying to be pretty creative and come up with outdoor things so that
social distancing might be a little easier."

Van Son said a team approach is another idea being considered.

"Maybe groups of five kids work together with a team leader and they determine
what project they want to do," she said. "They design it from the ground up
and they make all the arrangements, and they execute that project. That would
be their summer youth employment experience and they can put that into a
portfolio."

Operationally, Van Son said one longtime employee, Veronica Frost, is retiring
while another, Mary Spaulding, is putting off her retirement for at least
another year. Both have been with the bureau for more than 35 years.

She also said that renegotiation of the agency's lease that expires on Jan.
31, 2021 has begun. She mentioned the benefits of the current location include
longevity, a favorable monthly rate, being on the bus line and plenty of space
to accommodate social distancing.

In a related development, the committee authorized Legislature Chair Rochelle
Stein to sign a Job Development Bureau contractor's agreement with Livingston
County to facilitate the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act program.

The resolution states that the grant is a one-year agreement that may be
extended based on performance for two additional one-year periods with a
budget of $243,800.

Van Son said the WIOA federal grant, which is passed through the state for
funding, provides over 65 percent of the bureau's revenue. She said an
additional $23,000 has been approved this year due to increased costs related
to out-of-school youth services.

Genesee County does not allocate funding for the bureau but provides other
types of support.

"No county dollars directly fund the job development program but we're very
appreciative of the amount of in-kind service and assistance that we receive
through the county to be able to provide these job-seeking services to folks
in the community," Van Son said.

\----------

The Genesee County Job Development Bureau is located at 587 E. Main St., Suite
100, in the Eastown Plaza. For information about programs provided and
employment/unemployment matters, call (585) 344-2042. The bureau's website is
here.




5eceab7f-f37e-44f4-aba1-19ad9b10f8da


HESPERIA -- It could be a "banner year" for enforcement, citations and
confiscations Bill Holland said after the City Council approved a municipal
code change regarding the use of illegal fireworks.

During the Tuesday, May 19, meeting, the Hesperia City Council officially
stepped into the fireworks citation arena by creating an ordinance that
includes penalties for those using fireworks, including those designated as
"safe and sane."

The ordinance went into effect the same day and includes fines of $1,000 for
the first offense, $2,000 for the second and $3,000 for the third.

The ordinance also prohibits the possession, sale and use of fireworks in the
city, but makes provisions for special events.

Deputy City Manager Rachel Molina told the Daily Press the ordinance includes
rewards of up to $1,000 per crime for those who report violations, with reward
amounts generally "based on the value of the tip."

Before the new ordinance, the city's municipal code did not have a chapter
regulating the use of fireworks. At that time, citations were issued only by
enforcement agencies under the penal code, or the San Bernardino County Fire
code.

Before the new ordinance, citations issued for violations ranged from $500 to
$1,250 depending on the citing agency.

The Council also approved an amendment to the municipal code related to the
Police Multiple Response Program that includes fireworks usage and possession.

By including fireworks in the program, deputies can now write the response
form to the tenant or homeowner where the fireworks are being used, recovering
the cost of the call for service and encouraging violators to comply with the
law, according to city documents.

Over recent years, the city has experienced an increase in the use of
fireworks, which is likely related to less county and state enforcement, a
staff report said.

In 2016, former San Bernardino County Sheriff's Hesperia Station Captain Gregg
Wielenga told the Council that a wave of black market fireworks from Nevada
began coming into Hesperia, which was evident during the Fourth of July
weekend, the Daily Press reported.

Council member Brigit Bennington said, traditionally, fireworks in her
neighborhood begin every night from May through the end of September.

Mayor Larry Bird said the city cannot expect the Sheriff's Department and Code
Enforcement to monitor the entire city looking for violators and invited
citizens to help in the endeavor.

Holland said fireworks season in his neighborhood comes with "shuddering and
shaking windows" as professional-grade fireworks explode and light up the sky.

Holland said the ordinance, "couldn't come at a better time."

The city is a member of the nationwide We-Tip program, which allows for
anonymous reporting of illegal activity and offers rewards to those who
provide information that lead to responsible parties being held accountable.

City staff will increase awareness of the program by adding it to the city's
advertising, outreach and communications plan to encourage participation in
the hopes of reducing illegal fireworks in Hesperia.

Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, or by email at
[RDeLaCruz@VVDailyPress.com](mailto:RDeLaCruz@VVDailyPress.com). Follow him on
Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz.




d5d89205-adb4-4139-8bf9-e958674a0da7


Less than two days after New York relaxed certain coronavirus restrictions on
religious services and Memorial Day events, allowing gatherings of up to 10
people, the state has extended the measure to cover all gatherings for "any
lawful purpose or reason." Gov. Andrew Cuomo amended the move in an executive
order Friday.

The modification comes with the caveat that residents adhere to "social
distancing protocols and cleaning and disinfection protocols" required by
state health officials.

The executive order is just the latest step in the state's long, wary return
to life as it was before the state implemented a series of sweeping measures
to slow the spread of the virus in March. And it comes in the context of a
heated, at times acrimonious, debate over how and when states across the
country ought to reopen businesses considered nonessential - and where the
line between essential" and "nonessential" should even be drawn.

President Trump on Friday pushed for governors to consider houses of worship
"essential places that provide essential services" and allow them to reopen.
He even threatened to override state officials if they don't, though it's
unclear if he has that authority.

At the same time, even for states that agree with slightly loosening such
restrictions on religious services, as New York did Thursday, doing so is not
particularly simple. On Friday the New York Civil Liberties Union sued Cuomo
for continuing to ban protest and other activities protected under the First
Amendment.

"The right to protest and exercise free speech is the foundation of all our
other liberties, and during a crisis is exactly when we need to be most
vigilant about protecting it," Christopher Dunn, the group's legal director
and lead attorney on the case, said in a statement issued hours later. He
welcomed the governor's order expanding the ability to gather in groups of up
to 10 people.

"Health experts, elected officials, and police officers all agree that people
can be outside safely while practicing social distancing," Dunn added, "and
it's critical that lawmakers create guidelines and direct law enforcement
uniformly."

Others, including the chairman of the New York City Council's health
committee, Councilman Mark D. Levine, condemned the executive order.

"This shocking order, forced by a lawsuit, changes nothing about the risks
associated with group gatherings--especially those held indoors," Levine
tweeted Friday night. "We need the public to continue to be smart and use
judgement about the risks of this virus, regardless of what the court has
forced on us."

New York has been the epicenter of the coronavirus in the U.S., with more than
350,000 confirmed cases. That's currently more, in one state alone, than any
other country in the world.

After weeks of social distancing restrictions, though, the state has seen a
general decline in the number of new cases reported each day, and most of the
state's 10 regions - with the exception of New York City and a couple of
others - have been cleared to begin the first phase of New York's reopening
process.

Some beaches are also open this holiday weekend, with social distancing
measures still in place.

Copyright 2020 NPR. To see more, visit <https://www.npr.org>.




0d06446d-a8fb-422d-a8a2-8e69c9be04ff


MARTINSVILLE, Va. \-- A former sheriff's deputy in Virginia has been charged
with three other suspects in the shooting death of his wife.

Martinsville Sheriff Steve Draper said 66-year-old David Lee Morse, a former
Henry County sheriff's deputy, was arrested Wednesday on charges of first-
degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder.

The Martinsville Bulletin reports that Morse was being held without bond.

The Virginia State Police said Morse called 911 on May 13 and reported that he
had just arrived home from work and found the body of his wife, 63-year-old
Pamela Morse.

The Medical Examiner's Office in Roanoke confirmed that Pamela Morse had died
of a gunshot wound.




f63cea4c-f478-4874-a350-41ec049ba56a


ST. LOUIS  Police have identified a 36-year-old man who died after being shot
at a North County apartment complex Friday morning.

According to police, Jarvis Childress, 36, was shot inside an apartment in the
11100 block of Riaza Square around 11:00 a.m. He was taken to a hospital where
he later died.

A juvenile suspect is now in custody in connection with a fatal shooting.
Investigators later determined that it appears Childress was assaulting
someone when the suspect shot Childress.

No additional details are available at this time.




58ca5429-675c-442c-98de-ad84fd2cf8c2


Victoria County

Amil Shiraed McPeters to Ana Luz Rodriguez-VasquezWilliam Anthony Graham to
Lacrisha Ann MartinTam V. Nguyen to Nga Doan Bich TranChristien Lamont Henry
to Courtney Dawn FrickRoy Garza Jr. to Jennifer L. TerryMichael James Galvan
to Sarah Michelle Armstrong




60405989-66ba-421d-a062-5848eb7b6dc7


Storm Team 11 Forecast:

Saturday, May 23, 2020

A few thunderstorms could linger into tonight. Patchy fog possible late. The
low near 60 degrees.

Partly cloudy skies expected Sunday with pop up storms especially during the
afternoon and early evening. There is a 40 to 50% chance of showers and
thunderstorms. The high at 84 degrees.

After an evening shower or storm Sunday night, it should be quiet with a low
of 61 degrees.

A mix of sun and clouds coming our way for Memorial Day with hit or miss
showers and thunderstorms in the cards so have some inside plans ready just in
case. We'll top out around 83 degrees.

It looks like we could have a few less storms Tuesday with highs in the low to
mid 80s.

Have a great night!




97c847ae-5055-41ca-9f86-ea055963f1e7


Contributions should be sent to
[jim.lowe@rutlandherald.com](mailto:jim.lowe@rutlandherald.com) or
[jim.lowe@timesargus.com](mailto:jim.lowe@timesargus.com) at least two weeks
in advance.

New downtown muralMORRISVILLE - Last fall, Morrisville Alliance for Culture &
Commerce (MACC), the downtown organization dedicated to economic development
and cultural creativity, sent out a request for proposal for a new mural that
was welcoming and represented Morrisville in a creative way. Out of the many
submissions, Jess Graham's design was chosen.

On a beautiful sunny morning, the mural was installed on the side of the Green
Dragon building. Although the mural was planned long before COVID-19, MACC and
Graham are particularly touched that it was installed during this time of
social distancing, hoping it to be a surprising new source of joy for
passersby.

"Morrisville is a village dear to my heart," Graham said. "We reside in a
beautiful valley, surrounded by the Worcesters and Green Mountains. This mural
highlights the cultural assets of Morrisville in the traditional sense of the
word: music, art, dance, literature and those things that draw us to the
outdoors and reinforce our sense of connection with the landscape and each
other."

Graham grew up in Morrisville on a dairy farm on Route 100. She currently
lives in Morrisville with her husband and newborn daughter. She is the art
director at The Alchemist in Stowe, and in 2018 completed a 200-foot mural on
the side of Outdoor Gear Exchange in Burlington.

For more information, go online to [maccvt.org](http://maccvt.org)

Amber Live!Sunday, May 24, the guests of Amber Live! include chef "Scottish"
Francis Legge and singer, actor, playwright and university lecturer François
Clemmons. This will be the tenth installment of Vermont drag queen Amber
LeMay's weekly internet talk show.

Legge first appeared in the fifth season of "Master Chef" where he became
famous for his doughnut creations. They were such a hit, he opened his own
doughnut bakery in Queens called Sugar and Water NYC. Clemmons is known to
most for his 25 years as Officer Clemmons in the PBS educational series,
"Mister Rogers' Neighborhood." Since then he has resided in Middlebury, and
has recently released his latest book, "Officer Clemmons: A Memoir."

The show airs 8 p.m. Sunday and can be seen on Amber's Facebook Fan Page:
[facebook.com/HouseOfLeMay](http://facebook.com/HouseOfLeMay); or her YouTube
page: [youtube.com/houseoflemay](http://youtube.com/houseoflemay)

Roger Clark Miller liveBRATTLEBORO - The Brattleboro Museum & Art Center
(BMAC) presents "Roger Clark Miller: Six Dream Interpretations," a
livestreamed "solo electric guitar ensemble" performance from Miller's home in
the woods of southern Vermont. The free concert will take place on Friday, May
29, at 7:30 p.m. via Zoom, with a simulcast on BMAC's Facebook page.

The approximately 40-minute performance will be followed by a Q&A with Miller.
A recording of the event will be available soon afterward on the BMAC website.

Miller is a co-founder and front man of the art-punk band Mission of Burma and
a member of Alloy Orchestra, a three-person ensemble that Roger Ebert called
"the best in the world at accompanying silent films."

To find out how to participate, go online to
[brattleboromuseum.org](http://brattleboromuseum.org)

'Shelter in Place'BARRE \- The Governor's executive order in March marked a
precipitous time of change and adjustment for artists, creatives and others.
This period of time nonetheless has offered a chance for new focus and
different provocations. What have you been making? Would you be willing to
share your work?

"Shelter in Place" is a new series of digital exhibitions presented by Studio
Place Arts. There are several scheduled exhibitions that will be shown via the
SPA's website, Facebook page and Instagram. The exhibitions will be launched:

\- June 5: (past deadline);

\- June 19: (June 8 deadline);

\- July 10: (June 22 deadline).

For details, call 802-479-7069, or go online to
[www.studioplacearts.com](http://www.studioplacearts.com)

VSO Zooms for kids

BURLINGTON \- The Vermont Symphony Orchestra knows that the past few months of
school closures have been tough on parents and students alike and hopes that
it can help in some small way with its new Green Zoom Program. A virtual
substitute for the VSO's popular program, this lively and interactive
presentation led by VSO violinist Jane Kittredge is designed for students in
grades 6 through 12.

In each session, Kittredge will lead a small group of students on an
exploration of select orchestral repertoire, sharing valuable insights into
the music and snippets of recordings, and performing excerpts live. Students
will then have the opportunity to ask questions and discuss the life and
career of a professional musician, playing in an orchestra, choosing an
instrument, and more. Remaining are:

\- May 28: Session II: Brahms' "Academic Festival Overture," 4:30 p.m.

\- June 4: Session III: Rimsky-Korsakov's "Capriccio Espagnol," 4:30 p.m.

\- June 11: Session IV: Copland's "Appalachian Spring," 4:30 p.m.

This program is free, but registration is required and space is limited. For
information or to register, go online to [www.vso.org](http://www.vso.org)

Shakespeare to goBURLINGTON - Vermont Shakespeare Festival is responding to
this crisis of isolation and social distancing with what they do best -
spreading joy and connection through performance. There's a Shakespeare speech
or sonnet for almost any occasion, and after 400 years the words are still
relevant in today's world.

Shakespeare to You is an opportunity to send a 2-3 minute performance to
family, neighbors, or friends via front yard delivery, Zoom or telephone. It's
kind of like a live telegram.

Front yard deliveries are contact-free and follow all medical and physical
distancing precautions. Performers will honk a horn or call the recipient from
the car to gain attention and then stand a good 12 feet from the door to
perform a monologue or sonnet from a short list of favorites. Zoom or
telephone performances can be sent to any location in the United States.

Shakespeare to You is free (donations are welcome); For more information, or
to order a "Shakespeare to You" performance, go online (and click on
Shakespeare on his skateboard)
[www.vermontshakespeare.org](http://www.vermontshakespeare.org)

Sylvia Parker retiresBERLIN - It is with happiness for pianist Sylvia Parker,
a longtime Berlin resident, and her family, and sadness for her colleagues and
students at the University of Vermont that her retirement is being announced.

Parker arrived at UVM 41 years ago with a master of music degree from the
University of Colorado and experience teaching in private studios and
universities in this country and abroad. She joined the UVM Department of
Music faculty as an adjunct instructor and became senior lecturer in 2004.

Parker has performed solo piano recitals and collaborative concerts with
faculty and guest artists at UVM, nationally, and internationally. She has
recorded two nationally published CDs of solo piano music, including "Peasant
Jewels," an album of Hungarian composer Bela Bartok's solo piano settings of
authentic folk melodies. Parker has published numerous papers in scholarly
journals on various topics, most especially Bartok's music.

Main Street Arts closesSAXTONS RIVER - Main Street Arts will be suspending all
major operations as of July 7, and go into a state of dormancy due to the
COVID-19 pandemic.

After July 7, MSA will no longer employ any staff and will cease all
programming including theater, classes and other events. It will halt work on
its physical space improvements. Fundraising will also be suspended during the
dormancy. There will be minimal use of the MSA building and the board of
directors will be responsible for all necessary facility and financial
oversight. The legal organization will remain.

For more information, go online to
[www.mainstreetarts.org](http://www.mainstreetarts.org)

Bookshops opening soonRUTLAND - Phoenix Books has been perfecting new,
contactless ways to bring you books. It has processed a record number of
website orders for delivery and curbside pickup and recommended books over the
phone and by email.

Although Gov. Phil Scott permitted opening, Phoenix Books decided to wait a
bit longer to ensure a safe and healthy work environment for its booksellers
and its customers. The stores are using this time to retrain staff, modify
layouts to meet social distancing guidelines, and, of course, deeply cleaning
its shops. The goal is to open with limited browsing hours Tuesday, May 26.

For the latest information, go online to www.phoenixbooks.biz

Preservation grantsBURLINGTON - The 1772 Foundation, based in Providence,
Rhode Island, plays a leading role in promoting historic preservation
nationwide. In the most recent grant round, the 1772 Foundation worked with
the Preservation Trust of Vermont and other northeastern states to administer
1:1 matching grants of up to $10,000.

Grants totaling $100,000 will be given to 11 historic preservation projects
for building exteriors: Montgomery Historical Society for Pratt Hall
($10,000); The Retreat Farm Inc. for barns ($10,000); Park McCullough House in
North Bennington ($10,000); Center for Arts and Learning in Montpelier for St.
Michael's School and Convent ($10,000); The Charlotte Grange ($10,000); The
Fairfield Community Center Association for The Meeting House on the Green
($10,000); The St. Johnsbury History and Heritage Center ($10,000); Corner
School Resource Center, Inc. for the Granville Corner School ($10,000); Union
Church of New Haven Mills ($10,000); Starksboro Village Meeting House Society
($5,000); and Stone Valley Arts at Fox Hill, Inc. in Poultney for Fox Hill
($5,000).

For more information, go online to
[www.ptvermont.org](http://www.ptvermont.org)




c637a047-60ff-4cb3-969e-5a0028b45cea


'Irony' of Trump boat parade

Regarding the Trump political rally boat parade scheduled for Saturdayand
mentioned in a Naples Daily News article Wednesday:

The parade is scheduled to pass through one of Collier County's most prized
natural wonders, the waterways of Rookery Bay Reserve, which was mentioned in
an article titled "How President Trump's budget could affect Southwest
Florida" (Naples Daily News, March 25, 2017; still available online).

"The proposed cuts could prove devastating to the Rookery Bay National
Estuarine Research Reserve  one of 29 national estuarine reserves in the
country. Trump's budget would eliminate federal funding for all of them," the
article states in a section about Rookery Bay Reserve.

I hope those participating Saturday will take a moment to absorb the beauty of
this section of the parade route and reassess the cause for which they are
marching (boating). The irony of the moment should be self-evident.

Luke Larson, Isles of Capri

Editor's note: Boats are scheduled to depart at 10 a.m. Saturday from Naples
City Dock and head south in Naples Bay toward the Jolley Bridge on Marco
Island, according to a news release from the Republican Club of South Collier
County. The parade will have "200 to 300 boats," estimated Steve Loyd, co-
organizer of the Making Waves for Trump event. "But it wouldn't surprise me if
there was double that."

COVID numbers show masks needed

Naples has been for many years a "have and have not" kind of place, where
wealthy folks rub uneasy shoulders with those who struggle to get by.

Lately, it has become a "wear or wear not" kind of place, with those who
choose not to follow CDC guidelines demonstrating their self-centeredness by
strolling around our stores without a mask.

CNN runs a sidebar showing the number of COVID-19 cases and deaths worldwide
and in the United States. It's a sobering chart to wake up to every day, but
it keeps viewers at least 6 feet from denial.

The Naples Daily News could run a similar sidebar on its front page: cases and
deaths in Florida, in Lee County, in Collier County. Maybe if people saw the
numbers climb, they'd be more likely to put on a mask in Publix, in Target, in
TJ Maxx, in Dick's Sporting Goods. Perhaps then they'd understand that
individual "freedom" cannot be bought at the price of community safety.

I salute those who show respect for themselves and their neighbors by wearing
a mask; and I encourage the Daily News to run the local COVID-19 statistics
for all to see.

Melanie Chadwick, North Naples

'Trumpian dismissal' over virus data?

Now we all have been treated to the Trumpian dismissal by our governor of Ms.
Rebekah Jones, the architect of Florida's COVID-19 Dashboard, the map of cases
and locations that we often see on TV news.

"I don't know who she is," the governor stated, according to a story in
Thursday's paper.

But later, the article stated DeSantis indicated Jones was simply "tired" and
"needed a break from working two months straight." Strange analysis of someone
whom he "does not know," don't ya' think? Let's just fire her for working too
hard.

She also was accused of insubordination by one of her managers, but using that
to terminate someone striving for accuracy is suspect and seemed to appear
after the fact.

In the previous day's story, Ms. Jones suggested she was asked by someone not
identified to "massage the data" to support the reopening of Florida, but that
she refused and that probably led to her termination.

Surprisingly enough, a story in that same paper (also first page) was
headlined "States accused of bungling virus testing data." Accusations of
bungling data and "sleight of hand" are mentioned therein. How timely.

Raymond Brooks, Fort Myers

Healthier choices for holiday food

A meat shortage caused by COVID-19 might keep some of us safe from our outdoor
grills this Memorial Day weekend. However, folks who grill hamburgers and hot
dogs will face a nasty choice:

The U.S. Meat and Poultry Hotline advises grilling at high temperature to
avoid food poisoning by E. coli and salmonella bacteria. But the National
Cancer Institute warns that high-temperature grilling of processed meats
generates cancer-causing compounds.

Fortunately, we no longer need to choose between food poisoning and cancer.

A bunch of enterprising U.S. food processors have met this challenge head-on
by developing a rich variety of convenient, healthful, delicious plant-based
burgers, hot dogs and kid-friendly nuggets. These products don't harbor nasty
bugs or cancer-causing compounds.

They also are missing the cholesterol, saturated fats, drugs, hormones and
pesticides of their animal-based alternatives. They are waiting for us in the
frozen-food section of supermarkets, along with nut-based ice creams and other
dairy-free desserts.

This Memorial Day weekend is in the shadow of COVID-19. Let's stay safe in
more ways than one.

Neil LaVince, Fort Myers Beach




bd8ad3d7-68ca-4d46-a82b-e1ea096afa26


The people you're about to read about are like most of us during this COVID-19
pandemic.

They all love sports.

They all miss sports.

And they are all longing for its return.

The sports staff at The Advocate and Times-Picayune caught up with six people
to tell their stories about how they have coped for the past 11 weeks without
watching and being a part of the games we all so dearly love.

Doug MoreauTulane public address announcerSaints press box announcer

For Doug Moreau, sports is a way of life.

A look at his resume gives you a glimpse of just how much of his life it is.

He is the stadium public address announcer for Tulane and high school football
games, including the LHSAA state championships.

And he's the press box announcer for Saints games and the Allstate Sugar Bowl.

Oh, and he has also worked games in the past for the Pelicans and the now-
defunct Zephyrs.

Typically, though, this is a down time of the year for Moreau, as far as his
sports work is concerned.

But that doesn't mean the COVID-19 pandemic isn't on his mind.

"There is anxiety because there is so much uncertainty," Moreau said.

Officials with the Saints and Tulane have kept Moreau abreast of things during
this shutdown. And he's more than ready to get back in front of the microphone
once things get back going.

"I'll be there," Moreau said. "I understand any thoughts of people who may not
want to. But I'm ready to be announcing games again come football season."

And even though there are no games, Moreau is staying on top of his game. He
kept up with the NFL draft and checks the Saints roster to make sure he can
pronounce all the new names correctly.

That's in addition to his job as a teacher at Christian Brothers School. He's
over the school's canoe and kayak club, but their weekend outings on the water
have been put on hold like most other sporting activities.

Moreau, by the way, was born with a condition called arthrogryposis multiplex
congenita. So he never got a chance to play the games he announces and the
sports he loves. But that has helped him get through this pandemic.

"This is one of these things that makes me thankful for my own physical
condition," Moreau said. "It has made me a patient person. I had lots of
physical therapy as a baby and as a teenager after surgeries. I've had
surgeries in my 30s, 40s and 50s. I knew it would take time for me to
recuperate. So I'm very patient.

"And for this, I'm patient about it. I know eventually it's going to be over,
and I'll be back to doing those things I enjoy."




ddc9b34b-3d42-4153-b618-8d0da636c5c6


MOORESVILLE - A GoFundMe page for the local Hong Kong Restaurant in
Mooresville has gained traction in the past week, raising more than $18,000 in
three days.

The restaurant suffered damage during the recent tornado that passed through
the town and has been working with insurance to repair the damages. However,
the community has stepped up and donated nearly $20,000 to alleviate some of
the worry from the owners.

The owner, Bing Qiu, said she is immensely grateful to the community for the
kindness it has shown her and her family, both in this instance and in the
years that they have been living in the town. She said she was taken aback
when she realized how much money the fundraiser was bringing in.

"That's such overwhelming support from the community," she said.

Qiu's parents began the restaurant in 1994 and owned it until 2005 when she
took over. That makes the restaurant a quarter-of-a-century institution in
Mooresville, and the community made clear that this is an institution they
want to see remain when they gathered more than $10,000 in the first 24 hours
of the fundraiser.

Qiu said she and her family moved around a lot when she was younger before
really settling into Mooresville for the longest amount of time. While this is
her home and she said she feels welcomed, it does not mean she has been spared
from outbursts of racism, like many Asian-Americans since the start of the
COVID-19 pandemic.

The coronavirus, which has its origins in Wuhan, China, has prompted incidents
of racism in Morgan County, Monroe County and all over the country in recent
months as individuals target those of Asian descent, sometimes denying them
service or forcing them to leave their stores.

While Qiu said there have been no issues with racism for those who have walked
through her restaurant doors, she has not been immune. She was shopping at a
local grocery store, she said, when a woman in front of her at the check-out
lane turned around and began chastising her.

"She basically said, 'you Asian b****. What are you doing. Just because I
don't have a mask on doesn't mean I need to get Corona from you,'" Qiu said.

Qiu said she doesn't like to cause trouble. She apologized to the woman and
kept her distance from her. Qiu kept loading her groceries on the conveyer
belt.

"She did turn back around and say 'what the hell are you doing?'" Qiu said.
"'You people are disrespecting us Americans. I just looked at her. I was
shocked."

The woman, Qiu said, walked away without even grabbing her receipt. Qiu said
she could tell that the woman was just getting more and more livid just by
looking at her. Not one person, she said, in the grocery store came to her
defense during this encounter, and that surprised her.

"At that moment, I just thought 'why didn't anyone speak up on my behalf?'"
she said. "Just one person like 'That's not right. That's inappropriate.' Just
one word of encouragement, that would have been great, but no one spoke up."

Following this experience, Qiu said she made a Facebook post encouraging
others to speak of if they see this type of injustice around them. One word in
support, she said, could make all the difference.

"One person saying something would help," she said. "They wouldn't feel so
little. They wouldn't feel so ostracized."

The Facebook post was seen by Jaden White, whose family and he had been coming
to the restaurant for years. In response to this story by Qiu, White created
the GoFundMe, which benefits the restaurant for the damages caused by the
tornado but also showcases community support following a moment when Qiu went
without it.

"This is my favorite restaurant in town, and the owners have contributed so
much to the development and community of Mooresville," White wrote in the
GoFundMe information. "They've been dealt a very bad hand lately; but I hope
we, as the people of Mooresville and beyond, can show our love and support for
this small town, family-owned and operated small business."

Qiu again expressed her immense gratitude for the community and said she will
use it for her restaurant if she has to but plans to give some back to the
community if she has extra.

"Today I just created a scholarship for the 2020 Mooresville High graduates,"
she said. "I want them to write me a letter telling me about an experience
where they stood up to someone or stood up for something."

She and some teacher friends will look over the submissions and pick the best
one, who will be awarded with $1000 in the form of a check.

It doesn't discriminate based on their GPA or involvement in sports, she said,
but instead on where there heart was in that moment and whether they had the
courage to stand up for something.

"Mooresville has treated me so well," she said. "I'm going to give it back."

Jaden, she said, stood up for her. Many people on her Facebook post commented
saying they would have gladly defended her and spoken up on her behalf in that
instance at the grocery store.

"It's one isolated incident," she said. "It's not going to define what this
area is all about. One negative moment in time is going to create such
positive moments in the future."




6cda90e4-92dc-403b-9515-904ce543b138


NAME: Kim L. Cronk

AGE: 64

Office you are seeking: Henry County Commissioner

What motivated you to seek this office:

During the past several years, it has been an honor to serve the citizens of
Henry County in various capacities and I would like to continue in my current
capacity as County Commissioner to enhance and continue the "positive Henry
County economic development momentum." As your Commissioner, myself along with
the other two County Commissioners, County Council, the Mayor of New Castle,
City Council, as well as all town boards, and elected officials have set aside
politics and have worked together to develop positive momentum towards
economic development creating new jobs for our community which includes the
following new businesses adding over 1,000 new jobs:

Ivy Tech College  Phases I, II & III

Gillman's Home Center (lumber yard & home improvement center)

Boar's Head (Phase I & II)

Mr. Fuel Truck Stop

Love's Truck Stop & McDonald's

Crown Corporation

A new correctional/rehabilitation center to replace the current Henry County
Jail is slated for completion in 2022

Renovation of the W.G. Smith Building

Possibility of building a new hotel at SR 3 and I-70

How does the COVID-19 situation affect the office you are seeking?

The Board of Commissioners acts as the executive of Henry County. The Board is
charged with enacting regulations to protect the public health, overseeing the
operation and maintenance of all County facilities and establishing, along
with the other elected officials, general County policies. Many things have
changed since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Commissioners have made
the decision to limit access to County buildings, have adopted revised
personnel policies and have had to learn to conduct meetings remotely. The
Commissioners will have to continue to work with the County Health Department
to ensure that County employees have safe working conditions and the public
can safely interact with County government.

What changes in policies and procedures (if any) do you think are needed to
protect the public?

Where it is feasible, physical dividers (such as shields) between the public
and County employees should be installed. Social distancing recommendations
should be observed in County offices and during public meetings when in person
and when public meetings resume. Policies and procedures should be continually
assessed based upon guidance from the County Health Department, the Indiana
Department of Health and the CDC.

Why are you the best choice for the position?

In addition to serving the citizens of Henry County as an employee of the
Henry County Sheriff's Department for 38 years, holding various ranks to
include Sheriff, as well as having served as a Commissioner for two prior
terms and six years as a County Councilman, I bring a great deal of experience
relating to county government and its operations. I am actively involved in
on-going projects, such as the construction of a new
correctional/rehabilitation center. I am also accessible to the public to hear
their concerns. Citizens may contact me at any time on my cell phone at
765-545-0332.

What, in your opinion, are the most pressing issues surrounding the office you
seek?

Improving roads in Henry County is one of the most pressing issues.

Another issue is the construction of the new correctional/rehabilitation
center that will replace the current Henry County Jail and the ongoing
struggle to provide a County government that the public deserves with ever-
present budget constraints.

What would you do to address those issues?

The commissioners must continue to find financial solutions to help repair and
maintain Henry County roads and infrastructures.

Commissioners, along with the County Council and Sheriff, have worked to begin
construction on a new correctional/rehabilitation center that will replace the
current Henry County Jail. Ground near the existing New Castle Correctional
Facility has been secured at no cost to the taxpayers. An architect and
engineer have been hired. I will continue to work with the other stakeholders
to move the project forward.

I will also continue to work diligently to attract new business to Henry
County to increase the tax base with new employers such as Boars Head & Crown
Corporation and take actions necessary to support the County's many existing
businesses. I will also closely examine the Commissioners' budget to see if
expenditures can be reduced without negatively impacting the quality of life
for the public.




5723d949-29e0-4215-ba56-16f64ed33829


In 2012, Annie Glenn and I were doing what we so often did, which was to sit
side-by-side in a quiet place offstage, waiting for our extroverted husbands
to finish speaking to a crowd.

We had been close friends for six years by then. My husband, Sherrod Brown,
was running for re-election to the U.S. Senate. Annie's husband - that's how I
always introduced him, to his delight - was former senator and astronaut John
Glenn, who often joined Sherrod on the campaign trail.

At one point as we waited, Annie tilted her head at me and then laughed.
"What?" she said. "Why are you staring at me?"

I held up my camera. "I've never shot a photo of just you, without John."

To my surprise, she grinned and pumped her arms in the air. It is one of my
favorite photos of her because it is the Annie Glenn I knew, the friend I
loved. The public perception of her wasn't wrong: She was kind and brave, in
her quiet way, and ever gracious. But she was also whimsical and wise, and
very funny.

People have all kinds of ideas of what it means to be a "political wife," a
term Annie and I agreed was shorthand for invisible. Once, early in our
friendship, I vented to her after a frustrating exchange with a political
consultant. "They only see us as a prop or a problem," I told her, fighting
tears.

She squeezed my hand and leaned in. "Then be a problem." I was so surprised
that I laughed out loud.

She became my mentor and trusted confidant. In a world that is quick to judge
ambitious women, there was no dream I couldn't share with Annie, nothing I
could say that would shock her. She was nearly four decades older than I am,
but in the ways that mattered most, she was never old.

Annie died this week of COVID-19. She was 100-years-old, and some people with
the best intentions have tried to comfort me by remarking on the extraordinary
length and span of her life. She would have been the first to agree, and I'm
in a darker place than she would have wanted. My generous friend didn't
deserve to die like this. In saying that, I know I'm echoing the grief of
everyone who has lost a loved one to this, our season of loss.

In 2011, on John's 90th birthday, The Plain Dealer asked me to write an essay
about him. I included this about Annie:

"It would be wrong to commemorate the remarkable life of John Glenn without
also celebrating this woman who has been his wife through all of it. They are
virtually inseparable these days, and John is the first to acknowledge that
Annie makes life worth living.

"Annie is as engaging as she is generous, full of opinions earned by living
life at full throttle, even when she is scared to death. And this a crucial
truth about Annie Glenn. Americans rightly "ooh" and "ahh" over John Glenn's
courage in space, but let us never forget the hero of a wife who gave her
public blessing, and then privately prayed until his safe return."

Every obituary I've read about Annie, including in The New York Times, is also
about John, who died in December 2016. This is inevitable, and it would not
have bothered her. I once asked Annie if she had ever tired of being the wife
of the famous astronaut after John became the first American to circle the
earth, in 1962.

"That's who he was," she said, shaking her head. "And that's who I was when
America first met me."

More than a decade later, America got to know a different Annie. In her 50s by
then, she enrolled in intensive speech training at Hollins College to overcome
her severe stutter. She became a champion for people with speech disorders,
and a hero in her own right.

I knew from many conversations that Annie never forgot what it felt like to be
judged, and often shunned, for her stuttering. As a country and a culture, we
reward the extroverts, the self-promoters. The writer's typical pivot here
would be to bemoan how much we lose by ignoring the Annie Glenns of the world,
but there was only one Annie Glenn.

Once, while sitting next to John at a public dinner, I told him I was inspired
by his and Annie's marriage. He turned to look into my eyes. "Oh, Connie," he
said, "I am who I am because of Annie."

Anyone lucky enough to have been loved by Annie knows exactly what he meant.

Connie Schultz is a Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist and professional in
residence at Kent State University's school of journalism. To find out more
about Connie Schultz
([schultz.connie@gmail.com](mailto:schultz.connie@gmail.com))




e11c8456-3a7b-48c8-909f-1a5993b17091


LEXINGTON \- John Calipari will be keeping a close eye on the NBA Draft.

Calipari has five players from last year's Kentucky squad - Ashton Hagans,
Immanuel Quickley, Nick Richards, EJ Montgomery and Ashton Hagans \- who have
declared for next month's draft.

Although Calipari's players have fared well in the draft, this one will be
much different because of the COVD-19 pandemic.

Last week, the NCAA pushed back its deadline for early entrees to return to
school and is awaiting a final decision from the NBA regarding the draft,
combine and draft lottery. The league announced on May 1 that it was
postponing the draft combine and lottery slated for later this month.

"What about bringing them to your facilities? We don't know when that will
happen or if it'll happen," he said. "My point to that and, trying to get
information to the NABC is, shouldn't we move the decision date back for the
kids to go to college or not? The (draft) date was always based on when the
combine (is over). Well, that's all moving. So now I think these kids should
have more time making that decision."

Calipari said his "biggest worry" is working out for players working out for
teams before the draft and isn't sure how that will work out in moving
forward.

"If they spend two months and don't do anything, and they try to go work out
for an NBA team, it ain't going to work for them," he said. "So, there are no
gyms, there are no health clubs, unless they have a gym in their house. None
of them do. Unless they have a health area, a workout area within their home.
None of them do. How is this? How are we doing this? So, my worry is more
about that. We're getting information to the kids."

Most early projections forecast Maxey as a lottery pick, while Quickley,
Richards, and Hagans are expected to be chosen in the second round.

As for his returning players, Calipari is making sure his players are staying
in shape.

"I've been telling them, 'You better be conditioning in some way because your
body is your castle and your career is going to be dictated on how you take
care of your body,'" Calipari said. "(You have to be) messing around with a
basketball to make sure you're keeping your feel, it'll be like riding a bike,
the rest of it. But I would be saying, even if you're in the house, sit-ups,
pushups, running in place, doing anything. Getting out in the street and doing
conditioning stuff staying six feet from everybody."

He also wants his team to stay healthy in the process.

"You don't want to get sick," he said. "But these kids have a genesis. Their
genesis is basketball and the only way they're going to be able to master
their craft is if they can figure out a way of staying in shape. You ready for
this? Just like all of the other Americans, first thing that you're
responsible for, is yourself. You're responsible for you.  For these players,
and I'd say it to the NBA players, you now are responsible for you first, and
then who else can I help? What other impact can I have? But you take care of
yourself first."




e3ea4a1c-e43f-4c4b-b491-87bf48adf89f


HOLLAND -- The annual Tulip Dig in downtown Holland, organized by the City of
Holland Parks and Recreation Department, has been postponed indefinitely.

Traditionally, the Tulip Dig takes place in late May or early June.

Participants are able to dig out tulip bulbs for replanting in their own
gardens at Window on the Waterfront, Centennial Park, and the tulip field at
Windmill Island Gardens.

But this year, state regulations on gatherings due to the ongoing pandemic
complicate matters.

"We can't have a hard date on it," said Parks and Cemetery Deputy Director
Jamie Scott. "We were hopeful some of the restrictions would be lifted, but we
just don't feel comfortable with the 10 and under rule."

Every fall, the City of Holland plants between 350,000 and 400,000 tulip bulbs
imported from the Netherlands. According to Scott, that won't change this
year.

"Each year, we evaluate all of the tulips and determine which ones need to be
dug up and which ones can stay," he said.

"We look at the blooms, the size of the plants, the strength of the bloom. Our
tulips are packed really tight, so we also look for pockets of nothing
blooming. We look for animal damage. It's all taken into account."

While some tulip bulbs remain in the ground in Holland for two or three years,
many of them are replaced to ensure vibrancy.

"They need fertilizer and nutrients in order to store energy for next year,"
Scott said. "The energy for the flowers next year are stored in the bulb. When
the tulips bloom, they're relying on that energy. And that energy is typically
less than if we replant them."

The COVID-19 pandemic forced the cancellation of just about every large-scale
event in Michigan this spring, including the 2020 Tulip Time Festival in
Holland.

Tulip Time announced March 16 the festival was canceled for this year, making
it the first time the festival has not taken place since World War II.

An economic impact study conducted in 2018 estimated the festival generates
$48 million to the Holland community annually and draws 300,000-500,000
visitors each year.

The City of Holland and Tulip Time are planning ahead for Tulip Time 2021 --
especially when it comes to planting.

"Chances are we're going to replace the majority of the bulbs," Scott said.
"Just so we have a fantastic bloom for next year."




1e948691-372e-4860-86e9-9f594ae98918


OKLAHOMA CITY (KFOR)  Muslims in Oklahoma will celebrate the end of Ramadan
this weekend, but will do so in a way that protects celebrants during the
COVID-19 pandemic.

"Ramadan is the month on the Islamic lunar calendar during which Muslims
abstain from food, drink and other sensual pleasures from break of dawn to
sunset," a CAIR Oklahoma news release states.

Eid ul-Fitr (EED-al-FITTER), the holiday marking the end of Ramadan, will be
on or about Sunday, May 24, according to the news release.

Muslims customarily offer public prayers, exchange social visits and seek to
strengthen family and community bonds during Eid ul-Fitr, which translates to
"feast of fast breaking".

Muslim communities have also held multicultural bazaars and family activities
following communal prayers on Eid ul-Fitr. However, Oklahoma Muslim
communities are not hosting such events this year in light of the COVID-19
pandemic.

Local mosques and Islamic organizations will instead host online celebrations.

"This has been a Ramadan like never before, one where many Muslims worshiped
in solitude. Now, as the month ends and we look forward to Eid, it too will be
a unique experience. We pray the Muslim community stays safe and healthy
during the holiday and enjoys their time while abiding by local restrictions,"
said Adam Soltani, Executive Director of CAIR Oklahoma said in a statement.

Muslims greet each other by saying "Eid mubarak" (EED-moo-BAR-ak), meaning
"blessed Eid," and "taqabbalallah ta'atakum," meaning "may God accept your
deeds," during the holiday, according to the news release.

Continued Coronavirus Coverage




11bab4cb-310f-43b0-8e0c-51dee6d2aa9f


We are now in transition with a slow moving warm front lifting across the
region, with more humidity and unstable air that produced severe thunderstorms
Friday evening. Many reports trees that toppled over in Clay, Webster, and
Meriwether Counties in Georgia. One inch hail reported in Lee and Barbour
Counties.

The front will be draped across northern Alabama and Georgia for most of the
day Saturday. This will be the area which storms will fire-up along the entire
line, so this will give us mainly partly sunny skies, with a sporadic pop-up
shower or storm but not as numerous as today.

And just when you thought afternoon storms would be out, guess again the front
will sag south across all our east Alabama Counties Sunday afternoon through
Memorial Day. Expect more cloud cover than sun for the start of next week.




41e96803-31a4-47bf-9e5b-9af18497f0fb


WEST JORDAN, Utah \-- One person died early Saturday morning in an accident
involving four vehicles in West Jordan.

The accident happened around 3 a.m. at Redwood Road and 7800 South.

According to West Jordan Police, one vehicle flipped, ejecting the male driver
in his 20s. He was pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of a second vehicle received minor injuries. Passengers in another
vehicle involved were uninjured.

A fourth vehicle was parked and was damaged.

Investigators believe speed was a factor.




29733af7-66b6-461c-ac93-4cd20ef38ca8


The Maestro has enjoyed his final performance as a men's college basketball
player.

Davide Moretti, a senior-to-be, elected Saturday to sign a multi-year
professional contract with Olimpia Milano, an Italian basketball team,
according to Emiliano Carchia of international basketball site Sportando.

"At this time we do not have an announcement or statement on the reports," a
statement from Texas Tech Athletics read on Moretti's decision.

The same website reported Moretti was offered the multi-year deal back on May
17.

"Milano is expecting a final answer soon, with Moretti also considering the
possibility of returning to Texas Tech for his senior year," the Sportando
report stated, citing sources, on May 17.

Milano, which has won the Serie A championship in three of the last six
completed seasons, reportedly offered Moretti a two-year deal with an option
for a third according to a previous report.

European basketball agent Misko Raznatovic tweeted out that Moretti was his
newest client.

"Davide Moretti, Italian guard and one of the best European players in the
NCAA, who played the last 3 seasons for Texas Tech is our new client!,"
Raznatovic tweeted. "Our anniversary gift!"

The decision would also be beneficial for Moretti, who would be closer to
home. The Bolgna, Italy, native lives two-and-a-half hours from Milan. He's
been home after the cancellation of the Big 12 Conference and NCAA Tournament
due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Moretti wil leave a big hole in the form of leadership, outside shooting and
his ability to pass during fast-break opportunities.

The 6-foot-3 guard, who was the second-leading scorer behind freshman Jahmi'us
Ramsey, averaged 13 points, 2.3 assists, 1.7 rebounds and 1.2 steals to close
out his junior campaign. Moretti was also the only other player - along with
Kyler Edwards \- to start and play in 31 games last season.

Milano has secured 28 league titles, their last being in 2017-18. The squad
has also won the Italian Cup six times and the Italian Supercup three times.

While it will be a difficult spot to fill, the Texas Tech coaching staff has
scoured the recruiting trail to do so - specifically through the transfer
market.

Recently, Air Force transfer guard A.J. Walker placed the Red Raiders in his
top four on May 18, while Georgetown transfer guard Mac McClung included Texas
Tech in his top seven on Wednesday.

In addition, Jonathan Kuminga - rated the No. 1 prospect in the Class of 2021
- cut his list of options to four schools - Auburn, Duke, Kentucky and Texas
Tech \- while also keeping the door open for a spot in the NBA G-League select
program.

In terms of the roster, Texas Tech looks to add more talent that returns Kyler
Edwards, Terrence Shannon Jr. and Kevin McCullar who played significant
minutes last season. Clarence Nadolny and Avery Benson, who have not announced
any intentions to transfer, provided energy and defense off the bench.

Edwards, Benson, Nadolny, Shannon and McCullar are joined by returners Tyreek
Smith (missed year with foot injury) and Joel Ntambwe (sit-out transfer from
UNLV), who are all on scholarship.

Wichita State guard Jamarius Burton, expected to redshirt as part of his NCAA
transfer, and VCU forward Marcus Santos-Silva joined an incoming Class of 2020
which included: Esahia Nyiwe, a 6-10, 210-pound power forward prospect at
Clarendon College; Nimari Burnett, a 6-3, 180-pound guard from Napa (Calif.)
Prolific Prep Academy; Micah Peavy, a 6-7, 185-pound forward from Duncanville;
and Chibuzo Agbo, a 6-7, 215-pound forward from San Diego St. Augustine.

By rule, Division I individual institutions can have a maximum of 13
scholarships for men's basketball. The current Red Raider roster has 13
players with the incoming 2020 class.

Ramsey, the Big 12 Freshman of the Year, announced his decision April 25 to
enter the NBA Draft process while retaining his eligibility with the option to
return to Texas Tech. The Arlington, Texas, native has been included in NBA
mock drafts, ranging from a mid-first to second-round pick and would increase
the roster to 14 if he elected to return.




f6f391ca-749a-4bfa-9d9c-193104a5d237


The NBA season relaunch could be held at Disney World, as league officials,
the players association and Disney are negotiating a plan for all 30 teams to
gather at ESPN's Wide World of Sports to resume the 2019-2020 NBA season.

Talk about resuming the season had focused on Las Vegas and Disney World as
potential sites to resume the 2019-2020 NBA season. Initially there was talk
of Vegas hosting the games, followed by talk of Vegas and Disney World
splitting the games by conference. But now NBA officials say they're looking
at Disney World as the sole site.

The following is a statement from NBA Chief Communications Officer Mike Bass:
[pic.twitter.com/8gfK5iVXs8](http://pic.twitter.com/8gfK5iVXs8)

\- NBA (@NBA) May 23, 2020

Now closed as part of the wider closure of Disney World, the 255-acre ESPN
Wide World of Sports complex features several venues that can host basketball
games closed to fans: HP Field House, the Visa Athletic Center and The Arena.
Players, officials and team officials could stay at a nearby closed resort.
The plus to hosting at ESPN Wide World of Sports: everything is already set
up, between playing spaces, locker rooms, hotel rooms and broadcast
facilities. Disney runs an internal WWoS broadcast network and is set up with
camera, studio and editing stations. There are 30,000 or so rooms on the
Disney World campus, including many operated by third-party vendors like the
Four Seasons and Hilton, although Disney has been looking at an unofficial
July 1 date to open resorts and the theme parks, it's highly unlikely the
resorts will be operating at 100 percent capacity. Even if MLS does move
forward with a plan to relaunch its season at Disney World, there should be
capacity for all. The angle for Disney in all this? Valuable programming for
ESPN and ABC.

A big issue is timing. NBA players have been allowed back to team training
complex for small, voluntary workouts. It will take time for players to get
back into game shape, which means we're probably looking at some sort of June
training period followed by the resumption of play in six to eight weeks.

Photo courtesy Disney.

RELATED STORIES: NBA could resume play in 6-8 weeks; planning continues;
Disney World could host NBA 2020 return; NBA could resume play in 6-8 weeks;
planning continues; Disney World could host NBA 2020 return; Cuban: Expect NBA
play to resume in empty arenas; When arenas open, will fans return?; Single-
site NBA playoffs, truncated finals under consideration; NBA and NHL Could
Face Extended Shutdowns as Coronavirus Pandemic Continues; Teams, Players Plan
to Help NBA Arena Employees; Silver: NBA Suspension Expected to Last 'At
Least' 30 Days; NBA Teams Looking to Help Arena Employees During Suspension;
NBA Suspends Season After Player Tests Positive for Coronavirus

Yes, We're Social!

Search Arena Digest Archives

Receive Arena Digest Updates in Real Time!

Categories

Archives

Archives Select MonthJune 2020May 2020April 2020March 2020February 2020January
2020December 2019November 2019October 2019September 2019August 2019July
2019June 2019May 2019April 2019March 2019February 2019January 2019December
2018November 2018October 2018September 2018August 2018July 2018June 2018May
2018April 2018March 2018February 2018January 2018December 2017November
2017October 2017September 2017August 2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April
2017March 2017February 2017January 2017December 2016November 2016October
2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March
2016February 2016January 2016November 2015October 2015September 2015August
2015July 2015June 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015February 2015January
2015December 2014November 2014October 2014September 2014August 2014July
2014June 2014May 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014January 2014December
2013October 2013September 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013February
2013January 2013December 2012November 2012October 2012May 2012April 2012March
2012February 2012January 2012December 2011November 2011October 2011September
2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February
2011January 2011December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August
2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January
2010December 2009November 2009October 2009September 2009August 2009July
2009June 2009May 2009April 2009March 2009February 2009January 2009December
2008November 2008October 2008September 2008August 2008July 2008June 2008April
2008January 2008December 2007November 2007March 2007February 2007

QUICK GUIDE: ARENA DIGEST SHORTCUTS

2019 Arenas

Chase Center

Dickies Arena

Enterprise Center (renovation)

Gateway Center at College Park

Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse (renovation)

UD Arena (renovation)

2020 Arenas

New Colisee de Trois-Rivieres

Liberty Arena

Rupp Arena (renovation)

Wells Fargo Center (renovation)

2021 Arenas

New ASU multi-purpose arena (hockey, gymnastics, wrestling)

Idaho Central Credit Union Arena (University of Idaho)

Legacy Arena (renovation)

MSG Sphere at The Venetian

Belmont Park Arena (New York Islanders)

Palm Springs AHL Arena

Robson Arena (Colorado College)

Seattle NHL Arena

Talking Stick Resort Arena (renovation)

UConn Hockey Arena

Wayne State University Arena (Pistons G League)

2022 Arenas

Bankers Life Fieldhouse (renovation)

Carrier Dome (renovation)

Fairfield University Convocation Center

Kaplan Arena (renovation)

Moody Center (University of Texas)

Sacred Heart University

Savannah Arena

Solar4America Ice at San Jose expansion

2024 Arenas

New Calgary Flames Arena

New Los Angeles Clippers Arena




dcb1a853-c0a1-49a8-b2dd-674e06b80a39


It's almost as if Sacia Vanderpool was destined to be a Badger.

Sacia Vanderpool mugVanderpool

That's just what she will be after the 6-foot-4 post player from Byron,
Minnesota, committed to become part of the University of Wisconsin women's
basketball team's 2021 recruiting class.

Vanderpool will be following a family tradition as part of the fourth
generation to attend UW, joining her sister Ella, a junior this fall, her dad
Brian, his parents and grandparents.

In addition, her mom Heather's great uncle was Verner Suomi, a legendary UW
professor who was known as the "father of satellite meteorology" and founded
the UW Space Science and Engineering Center.

"It's kind of been my dream school, I guess," said Vanderpool, who's been
coming to Madison several times a year and has attended numerous UW football,
basketball and volleyball games. "I've always felt a connection with the
campus because I've been coming there for a while. It's felt like home."

That sense of connection served UW coach Jonathan Tsipis well, even as
Vanderpool's list of suitors grew in recent weeks to include LSU, Texas Tech
and Virginia Commonwealth, with Kansas State among those hoping to get in the
mix.

UW had been recruiting Vanderpool for more than a year and she attended the
Badgers' Elite Camp last summer. But until recently her scholarship offers had
come mostly from mid-majors like Northern Colorado, North Dakota State,
Southern Utah, UC-Riverside and Ivy League member Penn.

But her AAU coach, Tylor Coley of FBC the North, said the list of big schools
would've exploded if the spring and summer seasons hadn't been wiped out by
the COVID-19 pandemic.

"She's definitely one of those late kids that everyone was kind of sleeping
on," said Coley, whose daughter Chase played at Iowa while his younger
daughter Kendall recently committed to Nebraska. "Then boom, her recruiting
went through the roof in the last month. If we had gotten to play this summer
she would've gotten a lot more offers.

"But Wisconsin was her school all along. I think she's a good get for them."

Coley sees Vanderpool as a versatile big who still possesses the perimeter
skills from her younger days before she outgrew the position and has a rapidly
developing set of post moves and the frame and mentality to hold her own
around the basket.

"She's going to be a monster because she has that little edge to her," Coley
said. "She's a nice kid off the court, but between the lines she has that edge
to her. She beats up on her younger brother Zach, and he's relentless. Her mom
says she usually has to break them up.

"Over the last 10 months Sacia has picked up a lot of physicality and
toughness and size. She's been lifting weights and when she gets (to UW) she's
going to be a frightful sight on the court. And she can step back behind the
3-point line and really shoot it."

Vanderpool, who has a 3.96 GPA, averaged 16 points, nine rebounds and nearly
four blocks per game as a junior, shooting 54% from the field, 43% from
3-point range and 81% from the foul line.

"I'm versatile," Vanderpool said. "I can shoot the 3 and also go down low. The
main thing I focused on this year are my post moves, being in the paint and
shooting with either hand. I definitely have to get more aggressive and
physical and I know I can."

Vanderpool becomes the second member of the 2021 recruiting class, joining
5-10 guard Krystyna Ellew of Chicago Taft. As things stand now, the Badgers
have one scholarship remaining for the class, with that spot believed to be
reserved for Beaver Dam guard Maty Wilke, the top recruiting target for
several years.




d5f19b61-ce53-4609-b802-857614b34537


EL PASO, Texas (KTSM) - It all happened so fast for the Soria family. Just a
week ago, everyone was relatively healthy. Having just returned from an
emergency procedure at a local hospital, Rosie Soria began feeling ill. That
was the beginning of a nightmare for one El Paso family.

Now, it's also become their mission to save other families from the same pain
they're enduring.

The Soria's daughter, Bonnie Soria Najera, is an EPCC Board Trustee. She'd
helped local teachers keep in touch with their students, and she'd kept her
distance from her parents. She never thought COVID-19 would affect her family.
But it did  and it happened quickly.

Friday, May 15, Bonnie's mom Rosie Soria was admitted to the hospital with
COVID-19 symptoms. "It just went so fast. I mean, she went from being okay, to
being - she couldn't breathe, and it's just worse and worse," Bonnie told
KTSM. By Tuesday, her mom was put on a ventilator in the ICU at University
Medical Center.

Rosie Soria, 64, had underlying medical issues and was concerned about getting
the virus. The family said they'd only gone grocery shopping twice since the
pandemic began and hadn't even allowed other family members inside the home.
Still, they suspect it was an emergency procedure that landed her in the
hospital for two days earlier this month that resulted in her coming down with
COVID-19.

Meanwhile, Leo Soria's condition deteriorated quickly. He'd developed a fever
and was tested for COVID-19 on Sunday. Just two days later, Bonnie said she
was FaceTiming with her father when she realized something was wrong. "He
calls me, and he says 'Bonnie, I think I'm in trouble.'" She said she could
see he looked like he was in distress. Bonnie called 911, and paramedics took
him to Providence East for treatment.

"I've never seen anybody - I've never seen anybody like that. The way they
breathe, it's just horrible. It's horrible," Bonnie said.

Within days her parents were both fighting COVID-19 in different hospitals and
separate ICUs. Doctors attempted plasma therapy on her mom, trial drug
remdesivir on her dad. On Friday, Bonnie got the call no child ever wants to
receive.

"I was on the freeway and the doctor calls and says 'I just want you to know
your mom didn't make it,'" Bonnie said through tears.

While Bonnie was speaking with KTSM, her phone rang. It was her father, Leo.

"It was the nurse calling. They just wanted us to talk to him before they put
him on an intubator," Bonnie said when she returned the call. A pause in her
sentence left enough room for the statement to sink in. Just hours after
losing her mother to COVID-19 Friday afternoon, Bonnie's father was being
placed on a ventilator. He doesn't know his wife of 47-years has died.

Bonnie Soria Najera will now have to bury her mother, and her family is hoping
her father can pull through.

"While everyone is out there wanting to hug their friends, their family, have
a party and drink. We just wanted to be with my family. We just wanted to be
with my parents. and now my mom is gone, and my dad is on a ventilator,"
Bonnie said. "Is it really worth it to be out there to be celebrating Memorial
Day weekend? They don't want to be going through what we're going through. And
we don't want them to go through what we're going through. Please stay home."




ff0587d0-5c06-412e-885a-31faf0151e77


CHESTERFIELD, Mo. \- A grocery store has brought "happy hour" to their
signature salad bars during the coronavirus pandemic.

Based in Chesterfield, Missouri, stores in the Dierbergs Markets chain found a
creative way to help its patrons cope with the virus, lockdowns and historic
job loss: instead of serving healthy greens and quinoa bowls, the salad bar is
now stocked with liquor, cereal and candy, among other options.

The word "salad" has even been scratched out on signs.

The Manchester location was the first to make the change, serving mainly
alcohol. The switch has been so well received that other stores have copied
it, putting their own twist on the idea, such as cereal bars or "tiki bars"
with themed products.

"We had originally put out other fresh foods, but it didn't go over so well
because everyone's been stressed out," Rick Rodemacher, store director of the
Manchester location, told NBC.

"A group of the employees were talking and we thought we could make good use
of the empty space and make people smile if we swapped out the salad bar for
one that serves alcohol."

Rodemacher says customers are "getting a kick out of it."

"At first we were worried that it wouldn't come across the right way, but it's
been really well received," said Rodemacher. "The sales are not nearly what
the salad bar sales were, but bringing a smile to people's face is worth it."

38.663108 -90.577067




9717f3ec-6d4b-434e-82de-8a52552f8931


As racial disparities in health come into the spotlight amid COVID-19, we
explore how the legacy of racism affects maternal health in the United States.

First, we hear the story of Amber Rose Isaac, a woman who died in childbirth
in New York, and how her death has become a rallying cry for black maternal
health activists.

Reporter Priska Neely explores the complicated legacy of J. Marion Sims, the
"father of modern gynecology," who experimented on enslaved women in the
1840s.

Reporter Julia Simon takes a look at a commonly used calculator that may be
leading black and Latina women to C-sections they don't need.

We end with a conversation between two activist physicians from different
generations. We hear their reflections on balancing outrage with optimism and
fighting for justice for all parents and babies.




9cb2e37a-1a40-4928-be23-d74ae391b89f


Pennsylvania's primary election has been pushed back to June 2 this year
because of the pandemic, but the number of places where Philadelphians can
cast their ballot has shrunk significantly, by nearly 80%.

An alternative to voting in person is voting by mail. A grass-roots visual art
campaign has launched, featuring a series of three posters proclaiming "COVID
Can't stop us, Be safe, Vote by mail."

It's easier than you might think.

"It's straightforward. But it's a new thing," said Conrad Benner, the creator
of the [StreetsDept.com](http://StreetsDept.com) street art blog and curator
of this mail-in voting campaign. "If we show people that people are doing it,
they'll do it themselves and see how easy it is."

Earlier this year, before the pandemic shelter-at-home order, the Pennsylvania
legislature had relaxed the conditions by which people can vote by mail. No
longer do you have to prove you are out of town or otherwise unable to vote in
person in order to get an absentee ballot.

You can make an online request for a ballot to be mailed to you, if you have a
valid state driver's license or ID. Those without a state-issued
identification or reliable access to the internet have to call 1-877-VOTESPA
(868-3772) to request the ballot.

The deadline to request is May 26. The deadline to return the ballot by mail
is June 2.

"Given the circumstances around COVID voting by mail is, I believe, the safest
way to vote," said Jen Devor, an election advocate who spearheaded this
campaign. "Without the state automatically sending everyone a ballot, I was
concerned people would be left out."

Devor approached Benner to coordinate three local artists - Martha Rich,
Marian Bailey, and Manuela Guillen - to design original posters in whatever
style and imagery they choose, with bold colors and instructions on how to
request a mail-in ballot.

Each poster is available in the four most-spoken languages in Philadelphia:
English, Spanish, Vietnamese, and Mandarin.

At the beginning of the pandemic shutdown, thousands of homebound
Philadelphians started to put drawings of rainbows - often done by their kids
- in their windows across the city as part of the One Philly grassroots
community art project.

Now, on the eve of a primary election, Devor and Benner are piggybacking on
that concept for their #VoteByMailPHL campaign. People are encouraged to
either pick up a poster from a participating community nonprofit, or download
and print one for themselves and hang it in the front window of their home.

Benner wouldn't mind if individuals designed their own poster, if they like,
with all the pertinent information.

"In a normal year we would have done a mural or a wheat paste campaign in a
high traffic area," said Benner, who has used street art for get-out-the-vote
campaigns in the past. "Philadelphians, by and large, are following
guidelines: stay home. If you have to go out then stay in your neighborhood.
That's why we want people to print these or make their own and put in their
windows so neighbors can get this crucial information."




87ae9d52-43a2-4b7c-9286-8acc7e2dd1fe


Editor's Note: Gushers and Dusters is compiled from reports filed by oil and
gas operators with the Texas Railroad Commission in Austin.

To read more reports from around the Crossroads, go to
[VictoriaAdvocate.com/eedition](http://VictoriaAdvocate.com/eedition).

Recent location reports for the Advocate readership area.

Karnes County

District: 2

API No.: 42-255-36940

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Burlington Resources O and G

Lease Name: Crabtree-Jen-Stein ULW B

Well No.: 1

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 17,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.1 miles N.E. of Karnes City

Survey Name: R W Derum/D. Prudie, Section 4, A-439

Acres: 1,024.11

API No.: 42-255-36939

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Burlington Resources O and G

Lease Name: Crabtree-Jen-Stein ULW A

Well No.: 1

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 17,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.1 miles N.E. of Karnes City

Survey Name: R W Derum/D. Prudie, Section 4, A-439

Acres: 1,024.11

API No.: 42-255-36938

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Burlington Resources O and G

Lease Name: Crabtree-Jennings USW E

Well No.: 1

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 17,000'

Direction and Miles: 1.1 miles N.E. of Karnes City

Survey Name: R W Derum/D. Prudie, Section 4, A-439

Acres: 664.11

API No.: 42-255-36937

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Burlington Resources O and G

Lease Name: Crabtree-Jennings USW D

Well No.: 1

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 17,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.1 miles N.E. of Karnes City

Survey Name: R W Derum/D. Prudie, Section 4, A-439

Acres: 664.11

API No.: 42-255-36936

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Burlington Resources O and G

Lease Name: Crabtree-Jennings USW C

Well No.: 1

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 17,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.1 miles N.E. of Karnes City

Survey Name: R W Derum/D. Prudie, Section 4, A-439

Acres: 664.11

API No.: 42-255-36931

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: EOG Resources

Lease Name: Rockhopper F

Well No.: 6H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 12,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.8 miles S.W. of Gillett

Survey Name: W.D. Burnett, A-60

Acres: 1,816.69

API No.: 42-255-36932

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: EOG Resources

Lease Name: Rockhopper G

Well No.: 7H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 12,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.8 miles S.W. of Gillett

Survey Name: W.D. Burnett, A-60

Acres: 1,816.69

API No.: 42-255-36933

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: EOG Resources

Lease Name: Rockhopper H

Well No.: 8H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 12,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.8 miles S.W. of Gillett

Survey Name: W.D. Burnett, A-60

Acres: 2,755.69

API No.: 42-255-36934

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: EOG Resources

Lease Name: Rockhopper J

Well No.: 9H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 12,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.8 miles S.W. of Gillett

Survey Name: W.D. Burnett, A-60

Acres: 2,755.69

API No.: 42-255-36935

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: EOG Resources

Lease Name: Rockhopper K

Well No.: 10H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 12,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 1.8 miles S.W. of Gillett

Survey Name: W.D. Burnett, A-60

Acres: 1,579

API No.: 42-255-36943

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Challenger Unit C-B SA

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 23,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 6 miles N.W. of Karnes City

Survey Name: D.E. Seguin, A-10

Acres: 961.75

API No.: 42-255-36942

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Mohr-Hons Medina-Hoffman SA

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 23,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 6 miles N.W. of Karnes City

Survey Name: D.E. Seguin, A-10

Acres: 872.95

API No.: 42-255-36941

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Medina-Hoffman Unit

Well No.: 6H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Total Depth: 23,000 feet

Direction and Miles: 6 miles N.W. of Karnes City

Survey Name: D.E. Seguin, A-10

Acres: 397.54

Oil and Gas Completion

Recent oil and gas completions for the Advocate readership area.

DeWitt County

District: 2

API No.: 42-123-34841

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Devon Energy Production

Lease Name: -Butler A  Jordan A SA 1

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: I RR Co, Section 36, A-615

Direction and Miles: 4 miles N.W. of Nordheim

Oil: 740 barrels per day

Gas: 2,545,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 14/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 7,123 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 7,338 psi

Total Depth: 19,386 feet

Plug Back Depth: 19,257 feet

Perforations: 13,834-19,212 feet

API No.: 42-123-34907

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Teal Operating

Lease Name: Loos Unit

Well No.: 12L

Field Name: DeWitt (Eagle Ford Shale)

Survey Name: C.S. Hardwick, A-240

Direction and Miles: 6.21 miles N.W. of Yoakum

Oil: 807 barrels per day

Gas: 4,151,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 24/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 3,808 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 6,835 psi

Total Depth: 19,360 feet

Plug Back Depth: 19,311 feet

Perforations: 13,160-19,205 feet

Karnes County

District: 2

API No.: 42-255-36796

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Witte-Spahn-Miller SA

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: F. Ruiz, A-9

Direction and Miles: 2.2 miles S.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,634 barrels per day

Gas: 3,066,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 26/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 4,166 psi

Total Depth: 21,532 feet

Perforations: 12,488-21,408 feet

API No.: 42-255-36795

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Mikkelson-Witte SA

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: F. Ruiz, A-9

Direction and Miles: 2.2 miles S.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,166 barrels per day

Gas: 2,358,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 26/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,261 psi

Total Depth: 18,105 feet

Perforations: 12,442-18,088 feet

API No.: 42-255-36649

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Swize McFarland Unit

Well No.: 3H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: D E Seguin, A-10

Direction and Miles: 6.7 miles N.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,295 barrels per day

Gas: 1,437,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 26/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 2,604 psi

Total Depth: 17,158 feet

Perforations: 11,221-17,031 feet

API No.: 42-255-36648

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Swize McFarland Unit

Well No.: 2H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: D E Seguin, A-10

Direction and Miles: 6.7 miles N.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 1,948 barrels per day

Gas: 1,134,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 26/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 2,342 psi

Total Depth: 16,802 feet

Perforations: 10,945-16,676 feet

API No.: 42-255-36642

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Turnbull Unit E

Well No.: 3H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: H S Brown, A-32

Direction and Miles: 10.2 miles S.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,408 barrels per day

Gas: 2,277,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 28/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,011 psi

Total Depth: 18,726 feet

Perforations: 11,459-18,595 feet

API No.: 42-255-36641

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Turnbull Unit E

Well No.: 2H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: H S Brown, A-32

Direction and Miles: 10.2 miles S.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,333 barrels per day

Gas: 2,109,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 28/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 2,984 psi

Total Depth: 18,652 feet

Perforations: 11,474-18,536 feet

API No.: 42-255-36640

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Turnbull Unit E

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: H S Brown, A-32

Direction and Miles: 10.2 miles S.W. of Karnes City

Oil: 2,465 barrels per day

Gas: 2,595,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 28/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,180 psi

Total Depth: 18,682 feet

Perforations: 11,412-18,562 feet

API No.: 42-255-36633

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Foster Unit AC

Well No.: 3H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Austin Chalk)

Survey Name: B H Duvall, A-97

Direction and Miles: 4.2 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 573 barrels per day

Gas: 3,179,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 16/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 5,634 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 7,142 psi

Total Depth: 18,879 feet

Perforations: 12,918-18,865 feet

API No.: 42-255-36632

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Foster Unit

Well No.: 504H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: B H Duvall, A-97

Direction and Miles: 4.2 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 854 barrels per day

Gas: 3,741,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 16/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 5,453 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 6,443 psi

Total Depth: 18,598 feet

Perforations: 13,048-18,478 feet

API No.: 42-255-36631

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Foster Unit

Well No.: 502H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: B H Duvall, A-97

Direction and Miles: 4.2 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 1,005 barrels per day

Gas: 4,300,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 16/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 6,344 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 4,779 psi

Total Depth: 18,738 feet

Perforations: 12,923-18,619 feet

API No.: 42-255-36630

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Foster Unit

Well No.: 8H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: B H Duvall, A-97

Direction and Miles: 4.2 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 1,100 barrels per day

Gas: 4,722,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 16/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 6,380 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 7,138 psi

Total Depth: 18,746 feet

Perforations: 12,835-18,724 feet

API No.: 42-255-36624

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Foster Unit

Well No.: 9H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: B H Duvall, A-97

Direction and Miles: 4.2 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 904 barrels per day

Gas: 4,317,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 16/64 of an inch

Tubing Pressure: 5,848 psi

Shut In Well Pressure: 6,797 psi

Total Depth: 18,833 feet

Perforations: 12,867-18,812 feet

API No.: 42-255-36289

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Turnbull Unit H

Well No.: 2H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: Karnes CSL, Section 603, A-168

Direction and Miles: 13.9 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 2,345 barrels per day

Gas: 3,644,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 28/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,177 psi

Total Depth: 19,063 feet

Perforations: 11,658-18,942 feet

API No.: 42-255-36288

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: Turnbull Unit H

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: Karnes CSL, Section 603, A-168

Direction and Miles: 13.9 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 2,528 barrels per day

Gas: 4,195,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 28/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,453 psi

Total Depth: 19,105 feet

Perforations: 11,647-18,982 feet

API No.: 42-255-36287

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil EF

Lease Name: SCR B-Turnbull H 1H PSA

Well No.: 1H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: Karnes CSL, Section 603, A-168

Direction and Miles: 13.9 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 3,002 barrels per day

Gas: 4,951,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 30/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,534 psi

Total Depth: 19,154 feet

Perforations: 11,676-19,030 feet

API No.: 42-255-36286

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Marathon Oil E

Lease Name: San Christoval Ranch Unit B

Well No.: 8H

Field Name: Sugarkane (Eagle Ford)

Survey Name: Karnes CSL, Section 603, A-168

Direction and Miles: 13.9 miles S.W. of Kenedy

Oil: 2,837 barrels per day

Gas: 4,405,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 30/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 3,299 psi

Total Depth: 19,228 feet

Perforations: 11,719-19,100 feet

API No.: 42-255-36719

Well Classification: Field Development and Horizontal

Operator: Tidal Petroleum

Lease Name: Arch

Well No.: 2H

Field Name: Eagleville (Eagle Ford-2)

Survey Name: Hrs. A. Hernandez, A-4

Direction and Miles: 5 miles S.E. of Falls City

Oil: 1,536 barrels per day

Gas: 1,392,000 cubic feet per day

Choke Size: 24/64 of an inch

Flowing: Yes

Tubing Pressure: 1,925 psi

Total Depth: 13,527 feet

Plug Back Depth: 13,477 feet

Perforations: 10,997-13,430 feet

API No.: 42-255-36713




0819535b-e9ea-4d53-9100-22435397bef7


Wampsville, N.Y. \- Though Memorial Day celebrations this year will be a lot
different than usual, residents will still have opportunities to embrace the
holiday.

Madison County officials said they are proud to be part of the annual War
Veterans Memorial Corporation (WAVEM) Committee Memorial Day Ceremony. A joint
service will be held Monday, May 25 at 11 a.m. at the WAVEM Memorial in front
of the Madison County Courthouse in Wampsville, NY.

"I named 2020 as the Year of the Veteran, and we here in Madison County will
continue to honor that even during this pandemic," Madison County Chairman
John Becker said in a news release. "Even though this year's ceremony will be
smaller than in the past, it is still important that we remember those who
made the ultimate sacrifice."

Don Smith, the current president of WAVEM, will open the ceremony at 11 a.m.
Victor Ramirez will be singing the National Anthem. There will be a reading in
remembrance of deceased WAVEM Board members, and Chairman Becker will give an
address honoring the Veterans. Then, wreaths will be placed on the memorials
and Taps will be played.

New York state guidance says that ceremonies should be limited to 10 people.
As a result, this year Madison County has limited how many people will be
participating in the event. "While we are not inviting the general public, we
are not banning people either," county officials stated, adding, "Social
distancing will be followed and masks will be worn by all."

Also to promote social distancing, the public is asked to view the event
virtually as it will be live-streamed on the County Facebook page.

Residents will also be able to visit the flag garden set up at the Veteran
Memorial Playing Field in Oneida, which will remain set up until the end of
the holiday.

Madison County would like to remind people to celebrate the weekend
responsibly. Do not hold large gatherings, stay at least 6 feet away from
others at all times, and wear a cloth face covering. Please remember to wash
your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or use hand sanitizer
before touching your face.




45404433-b299-4c0f-a938-08e88b550135


MOORESVILLE

Town Council

The Mooresville Town Council will meet at 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday, June 2 at the
Mooresville Government Center, 4 E. Harrison St.

MORGAN COUNTY

Fair Board

The Morgan County Fair Board will meet at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, May 26, at the
Morgan County Fairgrounds, 1749 Hospital Dr., Martinsville.

SCHOOLS

MCSC

The Mooresville Consolidated School Corp. board of trustees will meet at 6:30
p.m. for a special meeting to discuss a high school drainage project. The
meeting will take place at the Edcuation Center, 11 W. Carlisle St.

BROOKLYN

Town Council

The Brooklyn Town Council will not meet in May because of the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic. Town council meetings will resume once the governor's executive
order has been lifted.




9020f584-79c9-45c5-b8e4-d02b18227c2f


Scratch below the surface - beneath the cavalcade of supporters, piles of cash
donations, President Donald Trump's approval and Sen. Ted Cruz's cameo
"mullet" - and Dallas' pandemic martyr has herself an optics problem.

Even for Shelley Ann Luther, defiant owner of Salon a la Mode and America's
viral "hero" of the anti-lockdown right, it's not a good look when

* Your lucrative crowdsourcing site is billed as a spontaneous, grass-roots response to government overreach, but it was set up before you even flouted government orders to keep your North Dallas salon closed temporarily.

* You state you're two months behind on your mortgage, but in the past year took a healthy divorce settlement and bought a luxury SUV to drive to your $500,000, five-acre ranch complete with guest house, five-stall barn and bevy of exotic animals.

* You cry on the jailhouse steps to Fox News host Sean Hannity while knowing you already collected an $18,000 emergency federal small business assistance loan, you get monthly child support from divorce No. 1 and more than $2,000 a month from divorce No. 2, and have half a million bucks waiting with your name on it in a GoFundMe account.

* You claim to struggle with "panic" and "feeding my kids," but recently took a Caribbean cruise in the middle of a global pandemic.

Depending on one's perspective - and, let's face it, political party - Luther
is either a Rosa Parks freedom fighter or a shill for the right. She's a
conservative hero suddenly coveted by The View who's been thrust in the
political spotlight, which has provided a boost in bookings for her cover
band.

"I can't think of anyone more undeserving of a giant donation or a hero
label," says Luther's former coworker Phillip Bradley. "It's disgusting. She's
being applauded by the Facebook Nazis as some sort of vigilante, but she's far
better off than most people donating to her cause. She didn't need any of that
shit to begin with."

Not true, says Luther's attorney Warren Norred.

"This isn't some Walking Dead plague. I have harsh language for those with the
audacity to criticize Shelley for opening a very sanitary salon when there are
daycares open and workers swapping snot with 3-year-olds. Even Condom Sense is
open. You think those places aren't dirty? Give me a break. She's just
standing up for her families, the one at her salon and the one at home."

Through her stubborn stance to reopen against state orders, she has galvanized
the right, divided Texans and reignited racial division in DFW. Just weeks
after a rally in Frisco to cheer Luther's resistance, supporters of state
District Judge Eric Moye gathered in front of the George Allen Courthouse on
May 11 to praise him for throwing her in jail for contempt.

"If the salon owner was black and the judge was white," said activist Rev.
Peter Johnson, "we both know she'd still be in jail."

Luther is white. Moye is black.

At the same time Moye's supporters gathered, Luther was on The View explaining
again why she usurped the authority of Gov. Greg Abbott, who ordered retail
business like hers closed as Texas attempted to bring coronavirus infections
under control. Salons have since been allowed to reopen.

Said Luther, "I didn't want to be the reason (my stylists) weren't making any
money."

Strip away the partisanship, and who is Shelley Luther exactly? A review of
court filings and social media along with interviews with former co-workers
and family members find that her "open up" message may be clear but the
messenger is muddled.

'It's Just Outta Control'

Before she ascended to fame and fortune by playing hardball, Luther was
Shelley Byrd, born in Illinois, raised in Irvine, California, and up to here
in softball. She began in 1992-93 at Mission Viejo's Saddleback College, where
she's a member of the program's Hall of Fame. Her prowess earned her a
scholarship to UT-Arlington, where she hit .219 with 20 RBI in a modest stint
(1994-95) playing shortstop.

At UTA she met and married Kenny Porterfield, and the couple have two
children, a 24-year-old daughter and 17-year-old daughter.

After earning her degree in Spanish from Sam Houston State in 1998 and gaining
certification in health, physical education and English as a second language,
Luther returned to DFW for a decade of teaching, including a stint at
Centennial High School in Frisco. She then bounced around - makeup artist,
night-club singer, pharmacy tech, vice president of sales for a credit
company, director of operations for a financial services group in Allen \-
before divorcing Porterfield and, in 2016, marrying Barry Luther.

The longtime executive at Seattle-based tech company Avanade moved Shelley
into a $1.2 million house in the gated Castle Hills community in Lewisville.
In fall 2017, Barry says, they acquired the salon, which Shelley kept in their
divorce settlement.

Denton County court records show the couple divorced on June 6, 2019.

"Barry provided everything for her," says a family friend, who spoke on
condition she wasn't named.

After her second divorce, she moved in with Tim Georgeff, who performs with
her in their band Crush.

Barry Luther declined an interview, citing "the strain this has already put on
my family, including bullying on social media of immediate family members."
Multiple interview requests to Luther (personally and through her media
representative) and Georgeff were declined.

According to the ex-couples' divorce decree, Shelley maintained sole
possession of the salon, a Toyota Tundra pickup and a Ford Edge SUV, which she
has since swapped for a new Jeep Grand Cherokee, and various items including a
rolling popcorn machine, horse trailer and livestock.

As part of the decree, Barry also agreed to pay her $125,000 for her part in
the home they had shared, dished in monthly installments of $2,850 through
2022.

Said Georgeff in a recent interview with The Dallas Morning News, "We both
divorced last year. She had to buy a new home. We didn't walk away from our
divorces with a lot of money."

County records indicate Luther bought the spread in June 2019 just weeks after
her divorce from Barry was final. The price was $505,000 for the land, main
house, 1,140-square-foot guest house, barn and horse arena. Luther lives in
the house with her 17-year-old daughter and Georgeff. Though Luther
consistently refers to her desire to feed her "kids," the family friend says
her eldest daughter moved away years ago. Calls to Georgeff's ex-wife to
confirm the primary residence of their 10-year-old son were unreturned.

Also taking up residence at the family ranch: a menagerie.

"I dunno, she started out just rescuing dogs and horses," the family friend
says. "But now it's just outta control. She's got everything."

According to various social media posts by the couple, they own 11 goats, six
dogs, three ducks, two lemurs, several horses, a couple of micro-horses, a
Bengal cat and a wallaby named "Scooby Roo."

"They bought a dachshund for like $1,000," the friend says. "Tell me again how
she's hurting for money?"

Private Deck

Luther's fast track to cause celebre began with a detour to Mexico.

A month after the first death in the U.S. attributed to COVID-19 on Feb. 6,
Luther and Georgeff's band Crush played a gig at Dallas' Longhorn Icehouse.
Four days later, on March 11, the couple shrugged off the World Health
Organization's new "pandemic" declaration, the Center for Disease Control and
Prevention's updated warning against taking cruises and Trump's initial
international travel restrictions. Despite 1,000 cases, 31 nationwide deaths
and knowledge of the Diamond Princess ship being infected and quarantined back
in February, Luther and Georgeff drove from Dallas to Galveston for a Royal
Caribbean cruise to Cozumel.

"We were in a panic when this broke out and the virus started spreading,"
Luther claimed on ABC's popular talk show The View.

When asked about his "everymom" client taking the trip during the coronavirus'
accelerated spread, Norred explained: "People get caught up in the wrong
stuff. Look, she doesn't live in a million-dollar house in a gated community,
and she has a boyfriend. Maybe he paid for the cruise?"

Before embarking, the couple was interviewed by Houston TV station KHOU.

"I have a real good friend who's a doctor," Georgeff replied when asked why
they didn't hesitate to go on the vacation. "It's really nothing more than a
severe cold."

COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, has so far claimed more
than 91,000 lives in the U.S.

On her social media, Luther wrote, "We're the last cruise for 30 days on this
ship." A day later, out to sea, Georgeff gave a glimpse of the couple's
economy-over-pandemic point-of-view.

"Half the passengers canceled," he wrote on Facebook, "and after this cruise
the employees are being sent home or kept aboard at little or no pay. 2,500
lives thrown into financial turmoil."

While the couple posted photos of their "private deck" views of the Yucatan
Peninsula, Gov. Greg Abbott declared a disaster and President Trump introduced
America to the world of social distancing. The couple returned from their
cruise to a transformed, traumatized Texas.

"If some major cities are closing down buildings where large gatherings occur,
then EVERY city should," Luther wrote on Facebook on March 16. "The problem
will not fix if (sic) some people are out and about, and some aren't."

Luther posted again March 21 after Abbott ordered all non-essential business
closed.

"I'm not disagreeing with the shut down," she wrote. "It just hurts to hear
it."

As the quarantine/shutdown dragged on, Luther's patience ran out. On April 22
she decided to make a public stand and asked local media to show up outside
her salon. "I'm behind on my mortgage  It's either come in and make money to
be able to feed your family or stay home and freak out," she said.

The cure, she reasoned, was worse than the disease.

Luther reopened her shop in defiance of Abbott's order on April 24, and at an
"Open Texas" rally in Frisco on April 25, she dramatically tore up a cease-
and-desist citation issued to Salon a la Mode by Dallas County Judge Clay
Jenkins.

"(Jenkins) is not our dad!" Luther told the protesters through a bullhorn. "He
doesn't get to tell us what to do. He needs to be put in his place. Everybody
needs to make money. I'm not shutting my salon - ever!"

Said the family friend, "She's always loved the spotlight. That's why she's a
lead singer. But this  she immediately got drunk on the power."

Three days after Luther taunted Jenkins, inviting him to "come and take it,"
Moye signed an order requiring her to close the salon. She again thumbed her
nose at authority. She said she would implement social distancing and adhere
to face mask suggestions, but otherwise it was business as usual.

When Abbott announced April 29 that salons would remain closed another three
weeks, Luther pounced on her increasing critics.

"And for all the cosmetologists reporting me," she wrote on Facebook, "you can
just wait until May 18th to open." (The 19 stylists at her salon are neither
employees or contractors, but renters who pay Luther for the chair and retain
all revenue.)

On April 30, she posted:

"People are shocked Texas wants to open back up. Let me try to explain it. 5
years ago Blue Bell literally killed us with their contaminated ice cream and
all we cared about was when we could get our next ½ gallon. It's what we do."

In 2015, Blue Bell Creameries in Brenham was linked to a listeria outbreak
that killed three people in Kansas City. It shut down production for about
four months, longer than Luther's salon was closed, while it worked to control
contamination.

At a hearing in court on May 5, Moye sentenced Luther to seven days in jail
and slapped her with a $7,000 fine for contempt of court. The judge offered to
rescind the jail time if Luther apologized, admitted she was selfish and
promised not to reopen until Abbott's new target date of May 8.

"Feeding my kids is not selfish," Luther told the judge. "If you think the law
is more important than kids getting fed, then please go ahead with your
decision, but I am not going to shut the salon."

In his judgment, Moye wrote that "the defiance of the court's order was open,
flagrant and intentional" and that Luther "expressed no contrition, remorse or
regret."

Abbott softened his order. The Texas Supreme Court ordered her release.

'I Gotta Open'

Luther spent about 48 hours in a cell by herself at the Lew Sterrett Justice
Center before being released May 7 and breaking down in tears amid the
fanfare, media attention and swift rise in her value as a political celebrity.
On her release, she was greeted by a sign-holding, joyous crowd serenading her
with "God Bless America."

Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick paid her $7,000 fine. Former GOP vice presidential
candidate Sarah Palin visited the salon. Cruz flew from Houston for his first
haircut in three months, joking that his wife was tired of his "mullet."

Trump offered his praise, saying "Good  she has to feed her children." Hannity
rolled out Fox's influential red carpet.

"Thank God she's free from prison," the popular TV host said in introducing
Luther. "She's a hero for just trying to feed her kids. She's showed a lot of
courage."

Explained Luther, "I just woke up one day and said 'I gotta open.'"

In conclusion, Hannity promised to "make a donation to your shop." But waiting
for Luther was the biggest gift of all: the GoFundMe account, which was
disabled after donations reached $500,085. The gifts included the $7,000 from
Patrick, $4,000 from "Reverge Anselmo," $1,100 from "QAnon" and the last, $5
from "Tim McDonald." (Anselmo is a movie producer who has given to Libertarian
causes before. Q Anon is an online community of right-wing conspiracy
theorists. Tim McDonald, as far as the Observer could tell, is just some guy.)

During her interview on Fox, Luther was aware of

* The GoFundMe money

* Hannity's imminent donation

* $18,525 from the Small Business Administration's Paycheck Protection Program (received May 1 for disaster assistance). Norred, for the record, calls it "a small amount of money." On The View, Luther said, "I can see why that might be troubling. But I had no notice of what it was. There were no instructions on how to spend it."

* Monthly child support from Porterfield and regular payments from Barry Luther from their divorce settlement.

* Even the looming revenue from Crush gigs, announced on Facebook by Georgeff on May 4 with a photo of a shiny black Dodge Durango SUV adorned by the personalized license plate: PIANOMN. "We booked seven new dates for this year just this week!"

Nonetheless she again played the poor-me card.

"I'm two months behind on my mortgage!" she told Hannity.

Says Norred, "An innumerable amount of people, wealthy professionals, will be
taken down by this thing. Doctors, accountants, all filing Chapter 11
bankruptcy and out of work. There is real struggling going on, in places you
might not suspect from the outside looking in."

Curiously, her GoFundMe account was established and activated on April 23, one
day before she officially reopened for business. The fund was organized by
Houston-area resident Rick Hire, a frequent contributor to the alt-right,
QAnon-friendly site, [WokePatriots.com](http://WokePatriots.com).

Did Luther truly just wake up one day? Or was she awakened, as some of her
critics suggest, and set up the media event where she announced her plan to
reopen as a deliberate act of provocative political theater.

Norred scoffed at the idea her move was a set up.

"This narrative that she put it all together and that it was all a big scam is
completely unfounded and is just a straight out lie," he told the Observer's
Jacob Vaughn.

Norred said he had only one contact with Hire, who found Luther on his own.

"We researched her and her cause," Hire wrote on the donation page. "We
decided we would approach her and offer to support her as our first patriot
cause. She accepted our offer."

Before Luther's doors were reopened, Hire also stumped for donations by
predicting a long legal fight.

"I can assure you all of this fact: When this case gets moved up to the
federal levels, it will be one of the most expensive causes out there short of
Hollywood criminal cases," Hire wrote on her GoFundMe donation page.

Asked about the GoFundMe money possibly paying for Luther's attorneys' fees,
Norred, a Republican Party committeeman active in conservative causes, said,
"Well I started out as pro bono, but  "

The family friend, however, says the maneuverings and portrayals are merely
theatrics.

"Smells to me like an orchestrated publicity stunt, all of it," the friend
says. "Tim's always been about putting on a big show, and Shelley positions
herself as a star. Now they get a little money and muscle behind them, and
here we are. Why doesn't she just call her mortgage company and get three
months' forgiveness like the rest of us? Is she oblivious to the long lines at
food pantries? There are real people with real problems, but she's not one of
them."

According to her media representative, Luther has hired the same Big Dog
Strategies Republican consulting firm used by Cruz and has launched a
foundation, [CourageToStand.com](http://CourageToStand.com), aimed at
disbursing a portion of the $500,000 to "Texans in need during this time."
Among them are two women in Laredo arrested for violating the governor's
order. Luther appeared at a rally for the women and said she was giving them
at total of $2,500 for their defense.

Abbott has since amended his order to bar jail time for violators, and The
Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation, which oversees salon licenses,
dropped 200 cases against barbers and cosmetologists, including Luther,
accused of working in April and early May in defiance of Abbott's order to
close, the Morning News reported. Another 180 pending complaints won't be
investigated.

"We have received much more than 10 complaints against that salon," department
spokeswoman Tela Mange says. "We stopped counting because they were all the
same. ... The overwhelming majority of our stylists followed the rules, and
for that, we salute them."

Luther told the website Texas Scorecard that, although she hadn't spoken
directly with the governor, she talked with members of his "team" and believed
she played a role in his decision.

"I think a lot of the regulations when he did open the salons were a lot of
the suggestions that I gave him," she told Texas Scorecard.

To her supporters, Luther - who turned 47 on Mother's Day \- remains a
champion activist who defended liberty and, in doing so, earned the priceless
"attagirl" from Republican royalty. At her Frisco rally was a sign that read:

"Unemployment kills more than viruses." On her Facebook are myriad tributes
and threats, including "I love the patriot hair stylist!" and "(Dallas County
Judge Clay) Jenkins better be ready because now she's got a $500,000 war chest
to have him removed."

To her detractors, Luther's a selfish business owner who prioritized revenue
over rules and was hell-bent on publicity. She broke the law, ignored the
governor and disrespected a judge, they say, only to be granted freedom
because of "white privilege." Read a Facebook comment: "In her world, she can
just drive as fast as she wants because speed limit laws don't apply if they
keep you from making money."

Of course, not all Texas politicos are doing cartwheels at how the made-for-TV
drama has played out.

"I see no value in all the hubbub over a hair salon," Dallas Mayor Eric
Johnson wrote in a column for the Morning News. "We can't afford to make
martyrs out of those who flout the rule of law. And we can't send the mixed
message that public health guidelines are critical unless it's unprofitable
for you to follow them. That is an affront to those who follow the rules and
act responsibly in these incredibly challenging times."

Added the family friend, "Because of her, a bunch of people are now empowered
to not follow the laws of the land. For that she's a hero?"

'She's Not One of Us'

Luther continues to operate the corner courtyard salon in the strip shopping
center at the northwest corner of Coit Road and Belt Line Road in far North
Dallas. Announcing it is a sign that reads "Remember the a la Mode."
Surrounding it is a consignment store, quilting place, locksmith and Fiddle &
Bow music. Guarding it is a private security company. Drawn to it, at first,
were new supporters in camouflage "Trump'' caps, "Make America Great Again"
garb and NRA T-shirts, some carrying semiautomatic rifles by the door and
others waving Gadsden ("Don't tread on me") and American flags in the parking
lot.

"I don't need a haircut, but I'm going to get one anyway," says Brian
Armiston, who knocked on the door hours after Luther's release from jail. "I'm
just here to support her. Because she's fighting for our freedom."

Luther is  "A true patriot," said Cruz. "She wasn't just speaking up for the
women and men who work in her small business, she was speaking up for 29
million Texans across our state."

Luther is  "Someone trying to stand up for a community that she doesn't truly
represent," says Lisa Santos, a self-employed stylist in Dallas since 1991 who
rents space at Sola Salon in Plano. "They say she's making it easier for us,
but she's only out for her pocketbook and herself. She might be trying to
help, but she's going about it the wrong way. She's not one of us."




c77ade55-521b-410e-8912-0ec5d0dfaf32


HINDS COUNTY, Miss. (WJTV)  Throughout Mississippi, safe driving operations
are taking place. So far, hundreds of citations have been handed out.

From state to local law enforcement agencies, authorities have been on the
lookout for distracted and impaired drivers.

The Mississippi Highway Patrol kicked off its Memorial Day Enforcement Period
on Friday. During "Operation Care," they've issued more than 750 citations.
Troopers also made 17 DUI arrests and responded to 14 crashes. There have not
been any fatalities.

Drivers should avoid text messaging or any distractions that could endanger
lives. They should also have sober, designated drivers in place when
necessary.

The Hinds County Sheriff's Office also had an aggressive campaign called
"Drive Sober or We'll Take Over." Deputies issued 71 citations and made eight
DUI arrests.




9cc9f69d-ad0d-47ab-a0ef-79fb5584b301


Una encuesta que conto con la participacion de 2,122 votantes, realizada por
la firma independiente A RealClear Opinion Research, mostro que el concepto de
opciones escolares goza de la simpatia y el apoyo de los encuestados. Ademas,
sugirio como un porcentaje considerable de familias se inclinaran hacia la
modalidad de educar desde el hogar, una vez haya pasado el cierre de
emergencia de las escuelas en los ultimos meses.

Los resultados arrojaron que un 40% por ciento de las familias son propensas a
continuar educando a sus hijos desde la casa o de manera virtual a traves de
escuelas en linea. Asimismo, un 64% dijo apoyar las opciones escolares y un
69% esta de acuerdo con la propuesta de crear las becas federales Education
Freedom Scholarships (Becas de libertad educativa).

De convertirse en ley, las becas de libertad educativa proporcionarian unos
5,000 millones de dolares anuales en donaciones voluntarias de individuos y/o
empresas, a fin de entregarlas estatales a aquellas familias que busquen una
escuela privada. De acuerdo con la propuesta, la beca no solo cubriria gastos
de matriculacion, sino tambien arte, lenguas, tutorias, clases virtuales,
lecciones para remediar lagunas de aprendizaje, cursos de verano, entre otros
servicios educativos.

"Los padres de familia con niños en edad escolar (K-12) han sufrido una
profunda interrupcion y muchos cambios desde que se ordeno el cierre de
emergencia. Hoy dia, hay 55 millones de estudiantes que no asisten a un salon
de clases tradicional, por lo que las familias estan claramente buscando
respuestas nuevas, y muchas ven la ventaja de la educacion virtual y desde el
hogar", dijo John Schilling, presidente de la American Federation for
Children, una organizacion sin fines de lucro que aboga por el derecho a la
libre seleccion de escuela.

Por un lado, ha de esperarse que los politicos presten atencion, considerando
cuan popular es el deseo de las familias de tener acceso a opciones como estas
y cuan contundente es la aceptacion de las becas de libertad educativa. No
prestar atencion conllevaria a mas de lo mismo. Es decir, a continuar
perpetuando en la carne de millones de familias las desigualdades inherentes
entre distritos. Eso por añadidura a la suma de parametros rigidos que
gobiernan estas entidades.

Y este momento no puede ser mas propicio para que, tanto politicos como todos
nosotros (los ciudadanos que pagamos impuestos), miremos hacia la educacion
con ojos muy atentos, puesto que se espera el paso de una propuesta que
invertira $800,000 millones de dolares en la educacion K-12. De hacerse bien,
nuestra sociedad deberia conseguir un gran retorno en la inversion. ¿Como
sabremos si se logro? Si se garantiza el acceso a una educacion de alta
calidad, los resultados hablaran por si mismos.

-Hergit Llenas es activista, escritora y directora de Participacion Hispana para The American Federation for Children




4b803714-d4b3-4420-baec-5b5334f2121d


Carthage College has appointed Fred Krull as the newest member of its Board of
Trustees, which has ultimate governing and fiduciary responsibility for the
college.

Krull, a 1983 graduate of Carthage, is principal of the professional services
firm EY, formerly known as Ernst & Young. Krull joined EY in 1986 and has held
the position of principal since 1998. Based in Los Angeles, he primarily works
in risk management.

"Fred Krull is a wonderful addition to our board," Carthage College President
John Swallow said. "I have been enormously grateful for Fred's steadfast
commitment to all aspects of Carthage's success, especially recruiting alumni
and parents to increased levels of engagement in Carthage's future. His
chairmanship of the President's Leadership Council is only the most recent
example of that commitment. I look forward to working with him on the board."

Krull served on the President's Leadership Council for six years, including
the past three years as chairman. PLC members lead through philanthropy,
advocacy and volunteerism and provide input for major Carthage initiatives.
His donations have been directed at facilities on campus such as the Science
Center and The Tower Residence Hall, as well as other strategic priorities.

After majoring in economics and accounting as an undergraduate, Krull went on
to earn both master's (accountancy) and doctorate (law) degrees from Southern
Illinois University.

Besides his work with Carthage, he chairs the Los Angeles advisory board for
Back on My Feet, a national nonprofit that combats homelessness through
running and resources for employment and housing.

Krull and his wife, Joan Piper Krull, have three children. Their oldest son,
Brendan, is a 2016 Carthage graduate.

Carthage College 2019 graduationCommencement activities took place for 2019
graduating seniors at Carthage College in Kenosha on the weekend of Sunday,
May 26.




fb936514-3376-4f45-aabe-1688b1fd569f


Chasing two school records, vying for two district titles and posing a real
threat at the state level.

Even the strong chance for a team league championship three-peat as undefeated
title-holders. North Middlesex Regional senior track star Martina Nkwantah
sure had a lot riding on this spring outdoor track season.

But those goals won't get the opportunity to be fulfilled as the MIAA canceled
the high school spring sports season due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

There is a silver lining for Nkwantah, as she will continue her athletic
career at the Division 1 collegiate level next season, with the opportunity to
make a whole new list of high achievements at her next destination.

Nkwantah will attend UMass Lowell in the fall and will compete on the River
Hawks' track team, where she will engage in all the throwing events, from shot
put, discus, javelin, hammer, and even the weight throw in the winter time.
She plans to major in exercise science and become an occupational therapist.

"It's disappointing because I had goals for the season," Nkwantah said. "It's
really sad, especially with all my teammates, I wanted to make it special.

"The throwers at UMass Lowell are so nice, and the rest of the team is so
nice. It will be fun to improve with them. I'm excited to further my career in
track."

The javelin was an event that Nkwantah started to hone in on just last season,
after dabbling in it occasionally as an underclassman. Nkwantah threw a
personal best of 118 feet, 11 inches at the Division 1 Central West
championship meet, which was good enough for second place, behind a then
senior. She may have been the favorite this year.

She finished fourth in the All-State meet the next week, following her
personal best, and then competed at the New England level.

With the highly technical nature of the javelin, and the relatively short
period of time spent mastering the event, expectations were for a big jump in
her second year in the event, which would lift an already high bar even
higher. The school record was within striking distance at around 124 feet.

"There's no doubt she would've crushed the school record this year," North
Middlesex head coach John Caouette said. "I think she would've been one of the
top in New England. Last year we started taking the javelin serious with her
and working on it, and she just kept getting better and better. She would have
the possibility of winning New England's."

Her personal best in the shot put, 37-9, set this past winter, would've been
the best mark at District's last outdoor season, and presumably the best mark
this spring. The expectation was to make a return trip to state's in two
events this spring, and make a push toward the top of the standings. She is
also an accomplished sprinter in the 100-meter dash.

A new era for the school's track program occurred with Nkwantah's arrival, as
after a one-loss freshman year, the Patriots posted two straight undefeated
seasons. The transformation that first took hold in the boys' program a half-
decade ago, spilled over to the girls, as North Middlesex has been able to
achieve things many never expected.

The legacy of winning, hard work, and encouraging large turnout in
participation rates in the sport is something that Nkwantah and her classmates
hope to instill in the program going forward.

"We showed the girls that if you work hard, you can improve a lot," Nkwantah
said. "There was a lot of improvement on the team, both at league's and
district's, where we became a threat. I think the Class of 2020 made an impact
at NM and our reputation (in track) and it's cool to leave that behind."




21b0f146-d8ea-4a82-9c76-8ffa13513b41


CHESTER, Va. (WRIC) - A local woman who was pleading for the safe return of
her beloved 'Rooster' was surprised early this morning when it was dropped it
off!

Tina Walls told 8News two teens - who saw our 8News story on the theft -
recognized the rooster and returned it safe and sound. 'Rooster' was stolen
nearly three weeks ago from the Enon community.

Wall took it to Facebook after her cherished lawn decoration was stolen,
writing a comical post to alert the community of what happened.

Walls now has two roosters - yes two 6-foot roosters - after another 8News
viewer dropped off a colorful one as an act of kindness Thursday.

Tina Walls received a colorful rooster after hers was stolen.




